---
CUID: 20230526162730

type: Diary
layout:
status:
- Archived

draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false

growthStage:
- Evergreen
growthStart:
growthEnd:
growthUpdate:

date: 2023-05-26T16:27:30
publishDate:
expiryDate:
lastmod: 2023-05-26T16:27:30

url:
slug:
aliases:
linkTitle:

series: 
- 1445 Daily Reviews 
title: 1444-11-05
subtitle:
summary:
description:

collections:
- Personal
categories:
- Reviews
subjects:
- Daily
topics:
tags:

cover: ""
coverAltText:
coverArtist:
coverCaptionText:
coverThumbnail: ""

author:
- Talha ibn Cyrus
authors:
- 
authorsNoteType:
- 
authorsNoteCustom:

trackingWellness
  trackLoveLetter: false

displaySettings:
  displayCharacterCount: false
  displayGrowthDetails: true
  displayReadTime: false
  displaySocialShare: false
  displaySlipDetails: true
  displaySummary: true
  displayToc: false
  displayWordCount: false
  displayComments: false
---
## Actions 
### Tasks
- [ ] Yesterday’s live, edit it, and post it on YouTube
- [ ] Download all of your TikTok lives
- [ ] Write and send your motivational letter
- [ ] Follow up with Canary and Gale for your meetings.
- [x] Clear out your following on Twitter ✅ 2023-05-26
- [ ] Finish photographing your drawings and be sure to document the signatures on the back.
### Ideas
- Make a website like abduzeedo for brain bits.
- Message men’s activism groups to support your work in authoring the book and creating the art exhibit with Kickstarter.
- Message philanthropist and mental health advocates to promote your work as an artist and to support your new collection.
- Put forward The New Collect that you are working on as a means of gaining patrons for your work as an artist like The Sin of Man by Noah Bradley.
- Get into streaming again on Twitch your art
- Write a code of conduct for your community with punishments for breaking.
### Logs
- My competitors are other independent artists, motivational speakers, 
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…

## Reference
- [[Love to Self ... ]]
- [[Diary ... ]]
- Istikarah
Is visual art (main) and copy/authoring writing (supplement) where my wealth is Allah? I know you have affirmed this before, but I am struggling with my confidence and belief in self. Perhaps that’s the problem, I should just believe in you alone, ignore myself and do the work. Trust the process.
107:2 — Am I the orphan here, the artist child, the one I am actively driving away… I know that is not a good thing for me to be doing as a Muslim. Yep, I’m oppressing myself…
18:84 — I am getting confirmation that this is wha has been established for me and the way is already made. So yes, it is on me to walk which I clearly struggle to do or rather have been denying myself from doing.
101:11 — The desire is heavy and within me, likewise is the shame and guilt of not being and submitting.
73:16 — Continue to disobey and see what will happen to your like the Pharaoh, arrogance! You been given very clear direction yet, here you are not following. 
31:10 — You are not acknowledging the greatness of Allah. You are not being grateful and paying attention to the signs. Allah literally paid your rent for you… and still you doubt, c’mon bruh 
