1535
I will begin. I am Talha. I face my reality and make money doing it.

1810 
I am killing myself today.

This will be the final time. 

And I will be buried tomorrow.

So in what way will you accomplish this today? How will you recognize your end? I define the man that I am and make an illustration or drawing or painting of my death in someway. In addition I will bring forth life in my by presenting myself to the world, emerging tomorrow as Talha ibn Cyrus honouring my father.

## Tasks
- [I] Cold email 20 podcast platforms to feature yourself on there show for content
- [I] Launch Voyager as a place to track your progress to sovereignty… mid journey the art 
- [>] Write [[0-90 Highlights]] in full within 20 minutes
- [>] Write the vision you have for each area of your life in full based on your previous works
- [>] List the milestones you will need to reach for each of your visions to be achieved
- [ ] Define the outcomes that you will achieve this year in each area of your life (Travel: uk Indonesia Mecca/Medina Japan/Morocco/Egypt)(Family leave the west and be financially prepared for a family)
- [*] Write the man that you are in his greatest form
- [ ] Send Joker the discount code for the book along with Nova
- [ ] Define your delusional goal for the [[Project129]] that you will begin tomorrow
- [I] Illustrate a portrait of yourself https://youtu.be/8HdfOppOxNc 
## Logs
- I spent the first 4 hours of my time since I woke up doom scrolling like an idiot
- My TRW UGC Campus Entry was accepted!