---
id: "20231223061735"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-12-23T06:17:35
growthEnd: 2023-12-23T06:17:35
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-12-23T06:17:35
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-12-23T06:17:35
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Istikarah 
Joining The Real World to learn to make money for my family online.

Open
4:160 So the Tates have an interesting rise to popularity and potentially having done wrong to get there. This sounds like a warning, a deep one considering what the Jews of Isreal and thebKbilah are doing to the Palestinians 

First
24:58 I don’t understand ya Rabb, help me!
55-61 Still uncertain Ya Rabb but perhaps with the earlier versus you are telling to just rely on you and you alone. The guidance upon permission has me confused give me more please.

Second
81:11 Sound like another warning…more please as I’m assuming day of judgement 
8-14 Okay, there’s a reason I have dislike for the Tates in some regard so I should be weary of what my soul is guiding me toward and away from

Third
105:5 This is about the battle no? The referenced thebenemies being crushed for going against Allah SWT. Okay, it is getting really clear that the answer is no.

Close
34:35 This reminded me of the way in which Andre Tate speaks which may be problematic as a sign of what’s in his heart. 
31-38 Recompense for what they used to do…I don’t want to be associated with that. Also, do the work that Allah has given you to do even your wife reinforced this. Be the messenger!!!!

Conclusion

No to the real world yes to building up yourself as a messenger. Do I join Dan Koe? I’m looking for community to help me with this work. Ask Allah SWT after Fajr silly.

Istikarah 
Do I join Dan Koe community to support me in doing the work of the messenger and earning an income online for my wife and kids Souen, Aiyana, and Noah to life them out of poverty.

