Woke 1042
Hours sleep 5
Sleep 0540 same day

1301
Just finished my Janaza and Tawbah and renewing as Talha in alignment with Allah SWT and it feels good. Time for me to shower and begin the work for the rest of my refreshed life. 
2217
Okay, the majority of the day has been spent helping mom, in prayer, and reorganizing my room. I had placed the PC in the closet to muffle the sounds and that was a bad idea.

It over heated. 

So I’ll need to rethink that decision. 

Now, I have some time sensitive commitments to keep to myself.

So where do I begin?! Well, the need for a plan for Project129 will be a good start and making yourself a piece of artwork for the day will hit right.

Okay so we will set a timer and plan for only 20 minutes and then make a video announcing the project for YouTube and TikTok.
2258
Since the last time spent I wasted my time scrolling TikTok ~~like a loser~~. No no no… We don't use that language anymore with myself. 

Facts. I am Talha! 


## Tasks
- [x] Write [[0-90 Highlights]] in full as a living document to review each week or month ✅ 2023-04-22
- [x] Write out all of the [[Shame and Anger]] for your Taubah ✅ 2023-04-22
- [x] Write the [[Oath to Allah]] with 2 rakat ✅ 2023-04-22
- [x] Make [[Tawbah]] with 2 rakat ✅ 2023-04-22
- [x] Write [[Actualized Self]] you are and bring ✅ 2023-04-22
- [>] Setup your Qur’an study, reflection, and reading system for the year and quarter.
- [x] Perform a [[Janaza]] for yourself, the man you used to  be ✅ 2023-04-22
- [>] Place your new name reference into the Istikarah folder as a separate file
- [ ] First exam video for the UGC Campus
- [x] Move things in storage with mom ✅ 2023-04-22
- [ ] Annual review and planning 
- [ ] Complete GTD with FU Money and budgeting
- [ ] Routine in place Saturday morning after review you write the newsletter reflection plus progress video with motivation on Sunday Tuesday Thursday
- [ ] Day 129 action with video announcement 
- [ ] New Spotify account with trial
- [ ] painting to commemorate to day’s accomplishment 
## Ideas
- [!] Wash you sleeping linens this weekend
- [I] Write a small downloadable guide for [[_Process Me/_Review/_Ultimate Processing/_Process B/Hull/Pillars/Nonstop Muslim]] on performing [[Tawbah]].
- [!] In seven days I shave my hair like a newborn Muslim, and add these Sunnah to the guide for [[_Process Me/_Review/_Ultimate Processing/_Process B/Hull/Pillars/Nonstop Muslim]]
## Logs
- Istikarah: [[Completely Independence in the Next 88 Days]] 
- Today I claim my new name as Talha with a reflection on the Qur’an similar to Istikarah and these are my versus: 28:18 Be mindful of those who lead others astray fight against such things, especially the wayward Christians. / 73:19 Never forget that your path is that of Islam and that Allah is in charge of all, you do nothing without the permission and mercy of Allah. / 86:16 Trust in the plan of Allah, you will overcome all others who plan against you with Allah. I 
- Watched: https://youtu.be/jmRoIacL3t8
- Updated: [[The Wives]]
- Spent 2 hours getting myself back in alignment with Allah SWT, feels good. 
- Moved my desk around to have a new backdrop and a little more space in the room