---
CUID: 20230725073342

type: Diary
layout:
status:
- Archived

draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false

growthStage:
- Evergreen
growthStart:
growthEnd:
growthUpdate:

date: 2023-07-25T07:33:42
publishDate:
expiryDate:
lastmod: 2023-07-25T07:33:42

url:
slug:
aliases:
linkTitle:

series: 
- 1445 Daily Reviews 
title: 2023-07-25
subtitle:
summary:
description:

collections:
- Personal
categories:
- Reviews
subjects:
- Daily
topics:
tags:

cover: ""
coverAltText:
coverArtist:
coverCaptionText:
coverThumbnail: ""

author:
- Talha ibn Cyrus
authors:
- 
authorsNoteType:
- 
authorsNoteCustom:

trackingWellness
  trackLoveLetter: false

displaySettings:
  displayCharacterCount: false
  displayGrowthDetails: true
  displayReadTime: false
  displaySocialShare: false
  displaySlipDetails: true
  displaySummary: true
  displayToc: false
  displayWordCount: false
  displayComments: false
---
## Actions 
### Tasks
**The One:**
- [ ] Finish updating your online art store, complete it!
**The Bonus:** 
- [ ] Describe your character at 90 years old
- [ ] Describe your character at 6 years old
- [ ] Reaffirm who you are and the life you are building
- [ ] Message Khal and the lady from Cascades about medical test’s completion for 
**The Additions:** 
- [ ] …
### Logs
- 
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…

## Reference
- [[Love to Self - ]]
- [[Diary - ]]
- [[Istikarah -]]

@0734
N: Today is a big day…I am doing my test for my new job at Cascades Alhamdulillah and later tonight I am in the love seat where the guys are going to ask me to speak on what I am struggling with. I have no idea what it is I am going to say. 

L: Well, what is your struggle? 

N: Valuing myself enough to put myself out into the world as my best and most powerful at this very moment. In turn the consequences of that are a lack of funds and that has kept me from loving myself. We know the rest, my life at this point is a trash experience by my own hands.

L: Noted.

N: Right here, right now we will have a heart to heart conversation about what I want.

L: Well, you already know what you want. Remember, you have written it down. Just read it over again. 

N: Will do that right now!

0758
N: You know the big problem that I have with myself is how fragmented I am. There is no internal unity about myself. I compartmentalized in all areas of my life and there’s no connection to the core. The lack of connection to the core is what I have been fighting against. I am desperate to become and present my whole self. 

L: So, just put everything together into one! Mix it up now you are whole. 🤓

N: That is a great solution, but…

E: Why is there a “but”? Lil’ D is right. Take all you want to be and represent and just be it. Put it all together and be whole. Stop dividing yourself, trust me, the day you start to treat yourself as a whole, that will be when your life will truly begin. 

L: Remember, show and tell. Do that like you used to.

E: Also, the only way forward is with a plan and a clear vision so be sure that you are up to date on this as it seems as though you have forgotten. 

@1158
I’m now on the move and Alhamdulillah my medical testing was great 20/20 and 20/30 vision, hearing a good, urine was good, and the doctor gave me some good tips for life.

Here are the tips:
- Because of my testicle surgery it is Important to let any doctor know of this for screenings which I should have every 10 years, no one told me.
- For my career transition, have multiple assets on the fire
- She affirmed me for my intelligence and being much smarter than the job position
- Reminded me about keeping boundaries with people and applauded my survival of childhood to adult SA.

N: During my time in the medical facility I have come to the conclusion that professionally I want to build my career as a writer. 😀 This will be me remote work, money making skill.

E: This is great! About time you accepted what has been in front of you all this time. Just so you are aware the focus needs to be on content writing as a ghostwriter and copywriting for email. This is your business for your financial freedom. 