---
id: "20231202052155"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-12-02T05:21:55
growthEnd: 2023-12-02T05:21:55
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-12-02T05:21:55
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-12-02T05:21:55
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Tahajuud 
- Online influencer of great influence an examples and messenger of Islam
- Make me a warrior of Islam a mujahideen physically and intellectually a force to be reckoned with against our enemy Shaitan
- Earn halal money of $24k in Swiss Fancs to care for my wife Souen and the kids
- Me to become a coach/facilitator in trainee with a world renowned program 
- My one person business and brand in sharing knowledge is successful 
- To be the leader, the imam of my household in Switzerland
- Successful financially as a YouTuber in the next 2 months
- Marriage to Souen be to your pleasure and that we remain steadfast if avoiding haram
- Discipline in my mind and behaviour to be the best of men, the example
- For me to be out of this job and remote by December 14 with double the income
- Art store to become a financial success to take care of my family and provide for other families
- Brotherhood I need a male best friend who is Muslim
- Clean my heart, remove my sins, and give me the courage of Talha and his wealth
- Leave in January and marry Souen with money saved up like $12k worth in francs
- For my Hijrah to Switzerland be blessed and the change I need 
- For me to become a great father to my children Noah and Aiyana
- For me to be fluent in Arabi so that I can teach my family
- To be knowledgeable of my Deen so that I may teach my wife and guide my children
- To be an influential and profitable visual artist!
- Make me a producer, self-sufficient man taking care of his wife and kids.

Istikarah
To start Hijrah by being on a plane on January 10th to Switzerland to marry Souen. 

Open
The Overthrowing 
81:26 This is an opening…what does this mean Ya Rabb?
23- 29 Be mindful of the Qur’an, have you Islam established and move forward on the right path, the ways of Islam

First 
The Pleading Woman
58:13 Establish your prayers and obey the Messengers wisdom and guidance for marriage. In short worry about your Deen instead of the money to care for your family.
Be sure to give Zakat, before you go.

10-16 Establish prayer! Clean up your life for her, NOW and work of the re-establishment of your way of life as a Muslim. I get it Allah SWT, you are telling to prepare myself by letting go of sins and following the teachings of your Prophet in regards to women.

Second
The Cleaving
82:4 phew…lots of reminders to tonight Ya Rabb. I know do not take this lightly, because what I am pursuing is of the highest of importance.
1-12 So if I want to have a blessed Hijrah and marriage to Souen I need to get right with my keepers, immediately. Separate yourself from all the nonsense of your life immediately and repent! 


Third
The Opening
1:7 The path of favor…Allah SWT is giving you
1:Surah This is you seeking guidance of Allah SWT to a new life the opening of YOUR life as a Muslim.  Do It! Buy your plane ticket, now.

Close
The Overthrowing
81:3 Ao are these the obstacles that we are talking about toward marriage? 
1-22: Let go of the Dunya’s grip on you of fear…move with the knowledge of Akhirah and the tawaqul? of Allah SWT, this is what is best for you. Allah SWT will clear the way. It’s time you become Quam, the example.

Thoughts
It’s as though Allah SWT already knows that this marriage is the right thing, but I need to upgrade myself and honor this woman by getting disciplined in ALL things seeking Allah SWT mercy and barakah by trusting I Allah SWT alone! No fear of this Dunya is to supersede this. Tie your camel and bolt to her, run!!! 

Do not operate like the non-Muslims, follow the Prophet and Sahabah. 

Actions
- [I] By December 13th complete the Qur’an and know the Sirah
- [ ] Taubah for all my sins written down
- [ ] Go back and study your Istakarah of past

Diary
@0620
This woman is saving me from Dunya…🥺

@1841
The reality is that I am in love with this woman (Souen) and I can’t understand it, though I know why at the same time. 

I have been beyond unfocused today. That’s because you are doing a task that you do not find fulfilling nor interesting in any way. The amount of times you have done this is beyond tiring now.