---
id: "20231129083106"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-11-29T08:31:06
growthEnd: 2023-11-29T08:31:06
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-11-29T08:31:06
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-11-29T08:31:06
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Moving to Switzerland to make Hijrah for my wife and kids. 

Open
27:51 Look at how their people plan is this you telling me this is wrong for me, or that I should not allow the western thoughts in my head delay me?
48-54 A deep warning here about unlawful acts of sexuality, and to avoid destruction follow the commands of Allah.
I feel as soon as she is Muslimah I will do Nikkah with her.

First
30:32 Dividing our “religion”, this seems like another warning to me.
29-35 This is a massive responsibility and you will need to arm yourself greatly with the Qur’an and Sunnah

Second
45:4 I am finding doubt or rather being unprepared money wise an issue in this move forward. But look at how Allah provides for other mammals why not you ?
1-8 Have you not been given signs and here you stil doubt …

Third
46:28 Allah are these Ayat a warning of the people and the place? Go marry her, but do not stay?
25-31 A deep reminder to pay attention to the signs of Allah SWT in your life right now. 

Close
91:13 Do not hurt this woman!!! 
Surah Be of quality character or feel the punishment of consequences and be mindful of the people around you.
***
2216
You need to get a gripe over your life and your most immediate issue is money, you are not making enough. So what do we do? We earn more, duh…

What skills do you have that are valuable to others? Share those with people and in return recieve compensation in money because of its use value.

You need to get so damn clear on your life my guy. Become a man of responsibility, now! 

Okay. 

2250
What areas of life must you focus on right now? Financial and Spiritual and Business. That’s it.