---
id: "20231123054839"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-11-23T05:48:39
growthEnd: 2023-11-23T05:48:39
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-11-23T05:48:39
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-11-23T05:48:39
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Istikarah 
Making Souen my wife and becoming the father to her two children. 

Open
100:9 I’m not sure what you are telling me Ya Rabb, but if I remember right this is the Surah of the charges which reminds me of the lightening Dorothy told me to move with on this woman. Please help me understand.
100:6-11 I’m still not sure Allah SWT, make me understand! Something to do with my behaviour and the day of judgement, but what does this mean with a wife? 

First
112:4 No there’s not an equivalent to Allah SWT. So how am I to apply this? Is this a warning against her? Is it a reminder of my focus to have her? 
112:Surah Lead her towards the focus onto Allah SWT, or will she be the one to aid in my refocusing? More ya Rabb help me understand all of this!

Second
79:40 Keep Allah SWT first and foremost in what you. What’s this telling me? Is this how to have Allah SWT favour and pleas this pursuit? For me to be more of a leader is to becoming closer to Allah SWT as that is what she would need? I can see it, she is very forward about it. More ya Rabb! 
79:35-46 Keep your inclinations at bay in order to achieve paradise. This could be to have such a good woman and make it to the here after, you must be disciplined, which is what she speaks of! You would need to be the foundation for that, to be a husband.

Surah name: Do not drag yourself towards this! As Dorothy said move with intention and speak like lightening 

Third
14:6 Here’s Musa again, I swear I need to meet this man in Jannah! Again, keep focus on Allah SWT, become the leader to do right by her and her children 
14:4-8 Be grateful, hold to gratitude in this endeavour. To against this is to recieve punishment, do not continue in any such behaviour that with cause others hurt. Get clear and focused with people about your position and stance. I think Allah is reminding of the weight of such a responsibility, and to be ready.

Close
7:19 Lead as did Adam, however not towards sin! She is trusting in your guidance and direction, BE RESPONSIBLE and put Allah before your desires. Am I understanding this Ya Rabb, that there is paradise with, but I must be steadfast and focus on your?
8:1-34 Women are a trust and you are to be lawful and lead her to morality, not immorality! You can only do this in pure faith and trust in Allah SWT. Like Adam and Eve you will be tested, do not fail, be focused.


Ya Allah this has been nothing but a reminder of the seriousness of said responsibilities. In addition, there’s much good, but it is not without equal risk, you will be held account for your wife.

Are you ready for that? Yes, with fear of Allah Allah SWT.