0818
I have not slept and I am beginning to have my mind full with worry. Well, you know what you need to do and there’s no need for any worry. Trust in Allah and do the work! 
Decide on what it is you would like the end of the day to look like for you. 
Personal website is built on the bare minimum of features and design, just simple typography. The features required are a newsletter area, sales page for the book linked to Shopify, and a LinkTree replica.
The tracking and planning for my life is complete and properly setup in Obsidian.
All of my emails have been sent out and inboxes cleared with a great email signature with a photo profile.
2248
It’s happening! 
I am doing it, burning the ships ya know we going all in on the art baby! Allah SWT IS INSPIRING me with ideas and visions on want to make and it’s AMAZING! 
## Actions
### Tasks
- [ ] Personal email signature has been made with a photo.
- [ ] All of my messages and emails have been replied to in full.
- [*] Draw the child you as a cartoon like the Indian guy on YouTube you saw.
#### Personal Website Development
- [>] Connect [TalhaCyrus.com](https://TalhaCyrus.com) from Github to Netlify.
- [x] Add the newsletter form submission field to the personal website. ✅ 2023-05-08
- [x] Create and populate the newsletter section of the website. ✅ 2023-05-08
- [ ] Sales page written for the book your wrote that’s linked to a buy on Shopify.
- [ ] Shopify account is setup to purchase the book and potentially make use of a discount code.
#### Obsidian Planning & Tracking
- [ ] Define the plan for the current month.
- [ ] Define the plan for the week (GTD, Money, Freelance Design)
- [ ] Routine has been setup that includes the 20% and the 80%.
- [ ] Setup my system for tracking my life in Obsidian front matter with plug-in.
#### Newsletter Setup
- [x] Send out the community update email. ✅ 2023-05-08
- [ ] Export the subscribers from ConvertKit and shut down the account.
- [ ] Write the first draft 1000 word email based on Dan Koe recommendation in his last video.
- [ ] Setup your welcome email potentially with a poll to get a better information about the subscriber in terms of male/female, belief system, marital status, and interests best on your niche brands.
### Logs
- [[private/Newsletters Old/Letters of Endurance/Archive/EDR Issue 015 - Your Heads Up]]
- So I have decided verbally that like [[Ramadan]] after Isha is a new day and I have declared the beginning of my [[Project129]] today and made a video about it. This should go in my progress journal actually. 
- Yeah…
- Anyway, I got myself a Shopify store and I will be trying myself a domain for it and setting up the channel. I basically outlined my plan to succeed in my challenge on the one video. I do feel excited about this I cannot lie! 
- Yay!!! I’m an artist bruh. 😎
- Wait art ideas the 99 names with my current abstract posters, paint something expressing the feelings of Qur’an read that day in color digital color!!! Do a project on Jihad show use as Muslims with the word being a part of the paintings of life in unique ways! OMG! 
- Oh oh and a series on the angles protection like when we pray, reciting Quran, on all sides, the recorders…etc Alhamdulillah!!! I’m going to be a great Muslim artist!
- Reach out to Oshay Duke Jackson to have him review your content and get advice from him on being a YouTuber
- Purchased the domain for my artist shop I’m going in brothers and sisters! 