1220
Ya Allah, I am in tears my heart is crying for you. I have become distant my Creator. 

I am filled with shame and the belief that I am not worthy. I know this is incorrect, and I hold on tightly to this idea wrongfully. You have told me in so many ways to stop. To change myself. To get my priorities and systems in order. 

1351
Allah has me and I will learn and succeed in selling this book! 

1430
What is critical for me to accomplish in my life right now is getting my systems in place. This is critical. 

2046
Just finished a great conversation with a fellow artist name https://instagram.com/jelliscope?igshid=YmMyMTA2M2Y= It was very nice, extremely and I believe she was a Muslimah as she was rocking the hijab. It was nice and I was the one who started the conversation. I thought that she was one of the exhibiting artist, she wasn’t. 

She was super cute! 

I made a decision afterwards that one of my wives needs to be an artist.

So what are the systems that you need? 

- Wake routine with time more mindset work
- Qur’an reading routine for that daily love
- Sleep routine with check out info
- Check-ins throughout the day
- A tool for tracking myself daily which includes stress measures
- A CRM system for keeping up communications and building relationships
- Personal branding a content distribution for my brand
- Second brain note taking system
- My weekly, monthly, quarterly, and yearly check-ins/reviews
- Daily art creation
- Email and DM replies

Thoughts
- [ ] Make an updated visual of Damian diagram in the Facebook Group Men of Color (put link)

Tasks
- [ ] Merge your audiobook together for [[The Hidden Wife]]
- [x] Setup your VoyagerOS in Notion only for your Pillars and Outcomes ✅ 2023-04-15
- [x] Waiting on my Voice Notes to download to my MacBook Pro ✅ 2023-04-15
- [x] Pull out the A/C unit from behind my desk ✅ 2023-04-15
- [ ] Close down your previous Discord channel
- [ ] Consider Readwise app as your consumption tool for knowledge work
- [ ] Watch the 1K YouTube challenge and participate 
- [ ] Go through Damian guide link it here for 30 minutes
- [ ] Signup for ArtTerra competition

## Logs
- Brainstormed the systems that I need in place on today’s note
- Updated the software on my MacBook Pro



https://youtu.be/DE2FuJtK5vc
Jobs to prepare resume for: Copywriting, Social Media Operations, Technology Sales Representative (10/10), Digital Marketing (10/10), IT Security Specialist/IT Help Desk (10/10),

Graphic Design (3/10)- Specialize in Thumbnails for a niche like Personal Finance

Video Editing (6/10) - Personal brands, educate them on how to grow and monetize. You will NEED to niche down into retention editing

Creative Director ( /10) - For social media companies 

Instructional Design (9/10) - Gamifying learning

SEO Specialist (8/10) - How to get blogs and websites ranking on search engines primarily Google

Executive Assistant (5/10) - Allows you to network with high level individuals of a particular industry 

Link-Building Specialist (7/10) - Gets back links from other blogs and websites to yours, you will need to have negotiation skills

Quality Assurance Analyst (9/10) - Need to know some code

Go where the opportunities are

Make use of Google Certificates 