

## Setup
### Tasks
- [ ] Buy milk and coffee for Destiny
- [ ] Complete your GTD review for the week
- [ ] Check that you have an extra point on Audible to purchase [[Chronicles of Ethan Complete Series - John L Monk]]
## Logs 
- [[Chronicles of Ethan Complete Series - John L Monk]] chapter 5-6, list out the character sheet for your project of tracking self development



Istikarah 
Guide me away from self-sabotage and towards mercy, grace, and forgiveness of self…please Allah SWT! 

85:5 I do not know what these means Ya Rabb…
85:1-8 So I need to be mindful of this disbelief that I carry in me, it is fuelling the problems I am going through and have been.
38:17 — Be patient and strong, have strength like the Messenger Dawud PBUH and the strength is in the faith you have of Allah SWT. You must go against all of the voices in your head and have have and take actions in that conviction.
26:181 — Do you best, put everything into everything that you do! Much like when you give to others you do it in full… this you must do for yourself as well! Give in full! 
38:65 — There is only Allah SWT and nothing or no one else. Who else is there for you to turn to and depend on. This is your test… how much longer will you not listen through action on your behalf?!
76-27 — You are stressing over your now, when right now you are breathing have tools and health and a network. Make use of the now and focus on the hereafter. 

Is it a benefit to me right now to join Dan Koe group as a means towards my success? I’m obviously not taking advantage of TRW…sigh.
39:1 — Got it, I will not deny or question I will move with my intuition and instincts and the path you point me towards. I hear you Allah SWT.
41:32 — A blessing and welcoming gift from Allah Allah SWT. 
31:8 — Doing righteous deeds are a good sign, what Dan is doing is a great deed for others and without the “toxic” methods of TRW roots. OH SNAP…the root! Could this be why there’s been no progress for you it’s rooted in Haram things because of how the money was made to get where he is. 
DAMN.
I’m trying to fit in with the wrong people.
6:87 — You are being guided this is your reassurance. 
38:69 — There is discussion amongst your creation, the man you are creating right now. Be among the right people!! The group.
38:66-83 — There is talk of the man you are becoming and this is good for you! Allah SWT has created you! 

How do I access my financial wealth this week? 




## End of Day Review


### What did I do today?
### What could I have done better?
### What am I grateful for?