1833
Here I am on the train heading to one of Toronto’s larger and we’ll renowned art exhibitions. I do not feel excited. That’s unfortunate, however you will feel the excitement wants you arise. Remember what Kevin Samuels said, “Life is out there, gentlemen.” 

This is me being out there for the next few days. This is you being who you are, standing out from the crowd living in your truth.

Can’t believe I just used those words… ugh…

Anyway, I am here ya know. Alive Alhamdulillah! I have a community of people who support me and all I need to do is give them reason to support me financially.

Embrace being a leader of men. THIS is what the women want to see and what the men crave to have. 

Fair. 

Fair enough. 

So is next for you huh? 

What can you make use of right now in this moment to better who Dubhan is? Who Talha is? How are you honouring the title of Mika’el? What of your father Kourosh? Where does Abd Al-Khaliq show up in the moment? 

I am hear. Fighting with my mind. But why fight? Seriously, why are you fighting your mind? 

Stop it. 

There is no more fighting with the mind. As I submit myself to Allah, my mind will submit itself to me. 

There will be no more negotiations.

I say, it does.

2317
Some drunkard spilt his alcohol on the back of my top and pants. I am pissed. I have very little tolerance for those who drawn themselves in alcohol to pacify themselves.

It’s a state of being that I find deplorable, weak, disgusting!


I’m try my best to not hold onto this anger for this foolish man. 

I SWEAR…did this man HAVE to spill his drink on me?! I had been intentionally keeping a distance from him until he decided to sit behind me with his foolishness. 

## Thoughts
- [ ] Sell you boots back to Winners or online to get a better Chelsea Boots.
- [ ] How can I be an art advisor right now? And be clear on the role.

## Tasks
- [x] Attend the first day of the art event name goes here ✅ 2023-04-13
- [ ] Put together and release the audiobook into the package
- [ ] Research promotion strategies for your eBook
- [ ] Email Angelica your experience of the first day at the exhibition 
- [x] Brainstorm the systems you need in place and how to implement them in a simple manner ✅ 2023-04-14
- [ ] Send out 20 informational interview requests
- [ ] Write your words of the day
- [ ] Wash the alcohol off you clothing

## Logs
- Kolbe Debrief with fill in her name and Damian Lastname
- Started a new visioning document for [[The Wives]]

