---
CUID: 20230905052552

type: Diary
layout:
status:
- Archived

draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false

growthStage:
- Evergreen
growthStart:
growthEnd:
growthUpdate:

date: 2023-09-05T05:25:52
publishDate:
expiryDate:
lastmod: 2023-09-05T05:25:52

url:
slug:
aliases:
linkTitle:

series: 
- 1445 Daily Reviews 
title: 2023-09-05
subtitle:
summary:
description:

collections:
- Personal
categories:
- Reviews
subjects:
- Daily
topics:
tags:

cover: ""
coverAltText:
coverArtist:
coverCaptionText:
coverThumbnail: ""

author:
- Talha ibn Cyrus
authors:
- 
authorsNoteType:
- 
authorsNoteCustom:

trackingWellness
  trackLoveLetter: false

displaySettings:
  displayCharacterCount: false
  displayGrowthDetails: true
  displayReadTime: false
  displaySocialShare: false
  displaySlipDetails: true
  displaySummary: true
  displayToc: false
  displayWordCount: false
  displayComments: false
---
## Actions 
### Tasks
**The One:**
- [ ] …
**The Bonus:** 
- [ ] …
- [ ] …
- [ ] …
**The Additions:** 
- [ ] …
### Logs
- 
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…

## Reference
- [[Love to Self - ]]
- [[Diary - ]]
- [[Istikarah -]]

Career in content creation.

Answer?
### Du’a
**TRANSLATION:** "O Allah! I seek goodness from Your Knowledge and with Your Power (and Might) I seek strength, and I ask from You Your Great Blessings, because You have the Power and I do not have the power. You Know everything and I do not know, and You have knowledge of the unseen. Oh Allah! If in Your Knowledge this action…

------------------------------------------------ (which I intend to do)

… of making a Career in educational content creation to take care of my family and community with [[Nadeem]]…


is better for my religion and faith, for my life and end [death], for here [in this world] and the hereafter then make it destined for me and make it easy for me and then add blessings [baraka'] in it, for me. O Allah! In Your Knowledge if this action is bad for me, bad for my religion and faith, for my life and end [death], for here [in this world] and the hereafter then turn it away from me and turn me away from it and whatever is better for me, ordain [destine] that for me and then make me satisfied with it."

### Qur’an
Open 82:5 Ya Rabb, I am definitely aware of my hesitation, sound like a clear remainder of my problem one foot forward the other back. One foot in the other out…ugh! 
82:1-9 I have been denying your blessings Ya Rabb and been running away from the path you have set me out, more like standing still at the foot of it. I will end this nonsense today. I will commit for myself, my wife, my community, my [[Akhirah]]

11:98 So me continuing on the path that I currently am on and not submitting to you will lead me to more misery. I know this too be truthful already Ya Rabb.
11:97-99 The story of Pharoah keeps coming up over the past few as long as I have kept up with this resistance. I keep seeking the guidance of others instead of following what Allah SWT has already given me. [[Astaghfirullah]], Ya Rabb forgive me! 

96:2 You were created by Allah SWT and your creator knows best for you so why fight the design of you and the path Allah SWT has put you on. 
96:1-3 Want to become unstuck, turn to Allah SWT, do what Allah SWT commands of you and you will be freed! Call on Allah SWT in all things, especially in this work as a content creator. Take the signs! 

47:3 This is self explanatory…decide to believe and work from there.
47:1-5 Your work turns people to Allah SWT so how is it that you are not embracing this full time every fiver of your being! Allah SWT is telling you that for your condition to be changed so this work! You are on [[Jihad]] and you need to live and move and think as though you are at war, [[Mujahideen]]! Oh wow…

48:21 There are more victories planned for you, but first you must overcome yourself work towards this one. Make your career and continue to fight in the cause of Islam. 
48:18-23 Align yourself back onto to the Sunnah as you did in the beginning when you received your greatest bounty from Allah SWT, [[the remembering of Islam]]. Do not fear your path forward Allah SWT is the best of planners, you know this so live like you know this through your works!
