---
id: "20231120054951"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-11-20T05:49:51
growthEnd: 2023-11-20T05:49:51
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-11-20T05:49:51
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-11-20T05:49:51
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Istikarah 

In addition to the work I’m going to register an LLC in the States for the business. 

Open 
3:122 I just lost my TikTok and the community that I had built and wow…hear I am being scared and Allah Allah SWT is telling me have courage because I have Allah SWT. Get back into business my brother! 

3:121-124 You are preparing for war, are you still not going to accept the signs. This is your preparation, even in your weakens state, victory is yours, PREPARE like the Prophet PBUH.

First
30:56 Knowledge and faith are the ones who put all trust and faith in Allah SWT. 
30:55-57 Do what is right and do it for your Akhirah, hiding is no longer acceptable my brother! 

Second
101:11 I don’t understand is this emphasis on the previous Ya Rabb?
101: Surah Heavy must be your scale of good deeds, remember the value that you provide the world. You entering into business for self allows you to prioritize good deeds. I felt a moment of fear in my heart, we want to avoid hellfire.

Third
72:19 Stand up and supplicate to Allah SWT, but how Ya Rabb? I need more. 
72:16-24 Remember Allah SWT in everything that you do, this where your bounty is, another reference to rain. Now, the more you disobey the more problems you will have. Submit! 

Close
113:5 I remember this Surah it’s about protection, be mindful of envy in your heart and the hearts of others. Is there more to recieve Allah SWT?
113:Surah This is your protection Allah is providing for you, and you must do the work daily! 

# Actions
Outcomes to achieve this weekend. 
- [ ] Register your LLC online in Wyoming
- [ ] Plan your business model and details all of it
- [ ] Get your brand  together to support the business.
- [ ] Get your first consulting client
- [ ] Clear slate 

Start your 2 year countdown 

@1417
As I was saying in my vlog…my Dec14 plan is not a plan yet, because I hadn’t decided on how I will make it a reality. I had also merged two ports together and muddied what should be clarity and focus.

So the solution is to update the ports and make a plan running backwards. As they say, failing to plan is planning to fail. 

Solution: 
- December 14 Port of Call no longer working for cascade and have given myself a new income that is remote and self-sufficient.
- Port of Call Full-time Content Creation is my source of income, no clients. 