---
id: "20231210055726"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-12-10T05:57:26
growthEnd: 2023-12-10T05:57:26
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-12-10T05:57:26
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-12-10T05:57:26
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Istikarah 
I’m going to be a provider/producer dad and husband, the example for a whole family. Guide me…

Open:
48:24 Trust in Allah SWT everything is being provided for you just do the work! This is a reminder to you that Allah SWT is in favor of what you are doing.

First:
The Ant
27:19 Subhan’Allah! Talking about being in favor of  Allah SWT, look at Solomon asking for more gratitude. This is what I must do! Blessings for becoming a parent. Remember a wife and each child comes with their own wealth.

Second
The Dawn
113:2 Allah SWT and this role is the protection for you from the evil of shaitan and the temptation of women and laziness. 
Surah This is your protection, remember Allah SWT says marriage is a protection a cover. You are in Allah SWT favour to be covered! 

Third
The Traducer
104:1 Not to sure Allah SWT, help me is this a Warner of my doubting? 
Surah A deep warning to STOP worrying about the money, seriously! Just do the necessary work all is your cover.

Close
The Spoils of War you are fighting for your family.
8:31 There is nothing like the word of Allah SWT and no one can provide and bless for you. Everything is from Allah SWT, stop with your arrogance you do not make the money happen or anything happen Allah SWT does. None of this is really in your control so depend on Allah SWT and act accordingly.
28-35 Yes, the wife and children is a test and these tests comes in the form of good and bad. Allah SWT wants you to hold firm and not turn away from the remembrance and worship. The criterion, your way out and forward is through the Qur’an.