---
id: 20230514175608
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Next Up
  - In Progress
  - Archived
  - Cancelled
draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Seedling
  - Budding
  - Flowering
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 
growthEnd: 
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-05-14T17:56:08
publishDate: ""
expiryDate: ""
lastmod: 2023-05-14T17:56:08
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series: 
title: 2023-05-14
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Report
categories:
  - Personal
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: ""
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: ""
authors:
  - Talha ibn Cyrus
authorsNoteType:
  - 
authorsNoteCustom: 
displayCharacterCount: false
displayGrowthDetails: true
displayReadTime: false
displaySocialShare: false
displaySlipDetails: true
displaySummary: true
displayToc: false
displayWordCount: false
displayComments: false
---
0047
The aim for today is setup everything I need for [[essential living]] as my way forward. 
Like in design, *keep it simple stupid*

0154
It’s nearing an hour now and I have done nothing. This is not Talha! Remember, this year is pregnancy. This is the creation of Talha into the man he will remain for the rest of his life in practice.
This is your 3rd as a Muslim, know this well!

0258
Here I am being a loser… I spoke and did nothing.
Sigh…
Do something man! Okay, I will commit. That’s the damn problem you do not commit to yourself.
## Setup
### Tasks
- [x] Eat some food, actually eat something of substance ✅ 2023-05-14
- [x] Sweep the room ✅ 2023-05-14
- [x] Wash the dishes
- [x] Out the garbage ✅ 2023-05-14
- [x] Define your 20% routine in your calendar
- [ ] Write your 1000 word newsletter following the methodology of [[Dan Koe]]
- [ ] Plan out the actions for the week
- [ ] The Bibles of Business — add them here from the last TT video save
- [ ] Write your daily words of affirmation and motivation for the day
- [ ] Implement the strategies of Earl Nightinggale and Think and GRow Rich
### Logs
- Qur’an 65:3, poster this for the Islamic quotes series “Allah SWT x Talha ibn Cyrus”
- Watch this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R87Kk_qcFpQ
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…

Istikarah 
Guide me away from self-sabotage and towards mercy, grace, and forgiveness of self…please Allah SWT! 

85:5 I do not know what these means Ya Rabb…
85:1-8 So I need to be mindful of this disbelief that I carry in me, it is fuelling the problems I am going through and have been.
38:17 — Be patient and strong, have strength like the Messenger Dawud PBUH and the strength is in the faith you have of Allah SWT. You must go against all of the voices in your head and have have and take actions in that conviction.
26:181 — Do you best, put everything into everything that you do! Much like when you give to others you do it in full… this you must do for yourself as well! Give in full! 
38:65 — There is only Allah SWT and nothing or no one else. Who else is there for you to turn to and depend on. This is your test… how much longer will you not listen through action on your behalf?!
76-27 — You are stressing over your now, when right now you are breathing have tools and health and a network. Make use of the now and focus on the hereafter. 

Is it a benefit to me right now to join Dan Koe group as a means towards my success? I’m obviously not taking advantage of TRW…sigh.
39:1 — Got it, I will not deny or question I will move with my intuition and instincts and the path you point me towards. I hear you Allah SWT.
41:32 — A blessing and welcoming gift from Allah Allah SWT. 
31:8 — Doing righteous deeds are a good sign, what Dan is doing is a great deed for others and without the “toxic” methods of TRW roots. OH SNAP…the root! Could this be why there’s been no progress for you it’s rooted in Haram things because of how the money was made to get where he is. 
DAMN.
I’m trying to fit in with the wrong people.
6:87 — You are being guided this is your reassurance. 
38:69 — There is discussion amongst your creation, the man you are creating right now. Be among the right people!! The group.
38:66-83 — There is talk of the man you are becoming and this is good for you! Allah SWT has created you!
