@1221
I am feeling anxious about my current state of being and the need for me to show up in the world again after being hit with the reality of my desire to be an artist and not being “prepared”.
What does “prepared” look like?
My abilities, works, and accomplishments being displayed online and accessible to others in the best of ways possible.
What would that look like for you, the vision?
It would look like the following:
- A personal website displaying my bio, artwork, videos, articles, and ways to begin working with me
- Each of my niche sites are designed and in operation as blogs
- Social media profiles reset and with a meaningful design to the content I produce on them
- LinkedIn bio and resumes in place to show off who I am
- Portfolio put together as a graphic designer, and one as an illustrator, and another as a fine artist.
- Professional email signature 
- Podcasts are in place and well branded
This is what it would look like for me to be proud of myself.
To feel “prepared”.
What’s getting in your way from making this possible?
Nothing. I simply need to focus and work.
1435
Got through the brainstorming and am now for the past few minutes have been pulling out my own hair which is a bad sign. I am in a state of severe stress. Remember the conative, you have been doing the planning and preparation works for days now instead of starting and producing. 
Do you understand what this means?!
Yes, I need to stop the mental punishment and set myself free. Today, will be the last of this madness okay.
1807
The meeting went very well… much better than I had thought or rather made up in my mind. I now have the outline for my life a plan, [[The Roadmap]]!
I was also given some very useful information from my brother about who I am and how to proceed.
## Actions
### Tasks
- [x] Brainstorm how to accomplish each area of life’s outcome for the year, the 20 ✅ 2023-05-05
- [x] Setup your TalhaCyrus business email address with your iCloud ✅ 2023-05-05
- [>] Connect [TalhaCyrus.com](https://TalhaCyrus.com) to Github from Netlify
- [>] Define the objectives and key results for each area of life
- [x] Complete the area of “[[Brand Instructions]]” within the “Design” section of your [VoyagerOS] ✅ 2023-05-05
- [x] Prepare meeting notes to be shared with Damian on today’s call — [[Damian Meet Notes]] ✅ 2023-05-05
### Logs
- Signed up for the Shopify account at $1 for the next 2 months after I choose a plan by May 7, 2023