---
CUID: 20230817061605

type: Diary
layout:
status:
- Archived

draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false

growthStage:
- Evergreen
growthStart:
growthEnd:
growthUpdate:

date: 2023-08-17T06:16:05
publishDate:
expiryDate:
lastmod: 2023-08-17T06:16:05

url:
slug:
aliases:
linkTitle:

series: 
- 1445 Daily Reviews 
title: 2023-08-17
subtitle:
summary:
description:

collections:
- Personal
categories:
- Reviews
subjects:
- Daily
topics:
tags:

cover: ""
coverAltText:
coverArtist:
coverCaptionText:
coverThumbnail: ""

author:
- Talha ibn Cyrus
authors:
- 
authorsNoteType:
- 
authorsNoteCustom:

trackingWellness
  trackLoveLetter: false

displaySettings:
  displayCharacterCount: false
  displayGrowthDetails: true
  displayReadTime: false
  displaySocialShare: false
  displaySlipDetails: true
  displaySummary: true
  displayToc: false
  displayWordCount: false
  displayComments: false
---
## Actions 
### Tasks
**The One:**
- [ ] Register for the new Muslim Friday event at the Masjid
**The Bonus:** 
- [x] Drop off the ID at the TTC lost and found and call the company to tell them
- [ ] Find your tiny travel umbrella, that’s unless mom has taken it
- [ ] Record an end of month video review to kick off the new month
**The Additions:** 
- [ ] …
### Logs
- 
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…

## Reference
- [[Love to Self - ]]
- [[Diary - ]]
- [[Istikarah -]]

@0626
Yesterday was incredible! 

Speaking with [[Sakinah]] was as we agreed, “suspiciously great”.

I am not financially prepared to take on a wife. That being said, I have 3 months to get myself together as a man. 

I am already in progress.

B: Great! So tell me about her…

- She has me listening to Qur’an right now
- I’m extremely motivated to become the man I am and want to be so that I have the best opportunity to lock her down
- She has had her eye open for some time with me through my lives, silent watcher, she decided to speak, and then she took her shot
- She’s American, living in Egypt… I never asked why😬
- A very sweet laugh and giggle, her voice is pleasant
- Speaks Egyptian Arabic
- I am definitely taken by who she is and what she presented
- The not cleaning was big deal in her mind, I had no problem with it
- She can DO hair, so that’s a good thing for myself and my kids 
- She’s already figured I’m going to be a well known figure and has no issue or concern, and wants to be known be name only
- With my consulting work she is weary until she knows me better when it comes to the ladies call me up, she wants some supervision over them especially since polygyny is in for me
- Nails grow long quickly, good genes, about 3 days
- When she’s upset she either gets fussy or silent, I told her to be fussy all the time
- She’s cool with the “invisible” leash I’ll have on her, it’s about my protection over her, which she wants
- Needs to be micro-managed I called it out she accepted and embraced
- Stress, is who she is and I need to get her a shirt 
- She researches why we do things in Islam similar to myself, she looked into fasting for the practical benefits
- She’s not career focused at all, doesn’t want the pressure of any leadership-like activities.
- Down to work under my business in the support role, again no pressure
- Wants to raise children, orphan, her own, and/or the co-wives
- In terms of her creativity she’s an artist, writing a book, and creates foods from scratch sauces and all.Claims she can cook from scratch each meal unique for a n entire month
- Regularly spends 1-2 hours in the kitchen, she lives there
- Will need extra attention if second wife has kids and she doesn’t
- Jealousy and needing attention she will be very loud about, being upset is all hints and quiet
- Didn’t get clear, but the expectation is that I relocate myself to Egypt

@1111
Well this lady is clearly on my mind and the important part is getting yourself together as a man in the next 1-2 months.

Bro, she’s all in for me. She also been keeping tabs on the ladies in the lives and noting which ones like me and which do not. 
- She’s not a big cleaner, but she ain’t messy, she will do seasonal deep cleaning
- With polygyny wants her own space, not shared with so I’ll need to talk to her about a wing setup
- She’s all natural, no makeup and fake stuff except for color lip gloss (big for her) and (I think) eye liner
- Doesn’t wear heels though she likes them platform ones a lot because it pronounces a woman body more
- Full time [[niqabi]] since before Egypt, and will be moving forward
