---
id: "20231204043148"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-12-04T04:31:48
growthEnd: 2023-12-04T04:31:48
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-12-04T04:31:48
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-12-04T04:31:48
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Action
- [ ] Finish processing the papers and GTD
- [ ] Give a follow up review of scope to Kirk
- [ ] Attend the Men of Color event
- [ ] Fill out the paperwork from Jelly Interview and send photos and videos from file folder with questions
- [ ] Write PLAN A visions as though they will be accomplished in the next 2/3 years like Dorothy said.
- [ ] Send Charles a shortlist and make Istikarah about becoming a coach.
- [x] Send Kirk and email asking for budget to work within.
- [ ] Call Dorothy after the men’s meeting.


Istikarah
Starting a new life on January 18 in Switzerland as a Muslim. I just need one last piece of reassurance before I buy my ticket one-way this Thursday.

Open
74:54 This is something, yes the Qur’an is a reminder. I’m asking for reassurance and Allah you tell me that the source is Qur’an Allahu Akbar!
52-56 More reinforcements on trusting in Allah SWT and remembering the guidance of the Qur’an.

First 
Friday
62:4 So this is my bounty right? Given to me by you Allah SWT just like I discussed with Hakim…wow. I did say what if our rizq is on the other side of marry such women, we just need to cover the gap. Subhan’Allah!
1-7 Well, I am landing in Switzerland on Friday so look at that. You need to be great full for what you are being given and sprint towards it. DO NOT, deny or ignore the signs of Allah SWT, look at the history of the Jews. 

Second
The Originator
35:33 So a beautiful house and home awaits me is what I am hearing. 
30-36: Remember who has you as a Muslim, and that all good is from your Creator! Stop wronging yourself and accept the good, it is time, it is okay to stop. Allah SWT forgives you, so now you can as well my guy, go after the paradise of this Muslim women and that Akhirah.

Third
The Enshrouded One
73:10 You are worried about what other will say about this, avoid them…you doing right by your and Allah SWT. Allah SWT is the only opinion that matters in this, behave as such! The signs have been made abundantly clear, go for it.
7-13 Trust in the design and guidance of Allah SWT and the Prophet (PBUH). Avoid the deniers and leave them to Allah SWT, make this move in great silence. 

Close
Jonas
10:92 I will be saved. I will be a sign, is this in relation to be becoming the Messenger now? And how does this relate to the new life? Are you saying I need to move in order to begin it?
89-95 I am being answered, just follow the right path, stay the course. Remember Dorothy said 2/3 years, you already have the countdown. Much like your the Prophet (PBUH) you are being told to not deny the signs. Never again do this! Allah SWT has been guiding you, simply follow and do the work.

Diary
@0625
Okay, I feel amazing right now!! Waking up making my prayers and giving worship, Alhamdulillah. I’m curious if me sleeping has anything to do with it, wallahi this woman she is good for my soul. 

I swear this woman… my gosh she is the definition of I am yours to command and I aim to please. 