---
id: "20231126065132"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-11-26T06:51:32
growthEnd: 2023-11-26T06:51:32
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-11-26T06:51:32
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-11-26T06:51:32
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
# Actions
- [x] Register with Men of Color in-person meetup 
- [/] Process physical papers on floor quickly
- [x] Laundry you clothes and bed sheets
- [ ] Shortlist sent to Charles
- [ ] Plan A updated in full

# Istikarah 
Making Hijrah to Switzerland for marriage to Souen as a husband and father. 

Open
26:133 Off the bat we are speaking about my provision and children, Subhan’Allah! 
131-135 Fear and obey, got it! I know I must follow our ways and I must divorce myself from these women and focus myself on the work. 

First
88:21 I am just a reminder, nothing more, nothing less, so for me to be the example. Can you give me more Allah SWT.
18-24 Live the role you are suppose to play as a Muslim men and understand that you are not in control, Allah SWT is! So do what must be done and do not worry about the rest.

Second
114:2 You have been seeking out this sovereignty for so long. Ya Rabb is this my path, through the struggle comes ease? To do what is difficult to attain what ease you have for me? Is taking such a role as Father and Husband the way? It certainly goes against what the non-Muslims say in how to get it. 
Surah: A wife is a cover to me as a man, and Allah SWT has given us men women to aid us. Subhan’Allah! And Allah SWT is in control of all things, so yeah! Follow.

Third 
4:22 Ensure that this woman is not like your mother? I don’t quit understand Ya Rabb. Help me.
19-25 Take your pursuit of marriage seriously, there are rules and laws by which you are to follow my guy. Learn from your father of what not to do and learn from Mohamed of what to do! 

Close
8:59 Trust is Allah SWt, let go of the opinions of other as to what you are to and to not do! Follow what had been revealed to you, bolt to her! 
58-60 There’s a war against family and you are fighting this by being married, be the example to other men go against the grain! Love it, marry this woman. 

Marrying Souen and leading a Muslim family.

Open
42:37 Clean you slate of sins of get rid of all these other women who are taking up your attention and to whom you do not want. 

First
7:10 I am worried about providing and I need not as long as have faith in Allah and do things for the sake of Allah SWT everything will be provided for.

Second
79:34 Something about hardship, but the verse is incomplete…
21-39 We’ll the mountains and this life for our enjoyment, nature…Masha’Allah . Another story of Pharo, Cyrus when will you listen and obey! Be mindful of the pursuit of this world as the goal for you in the hereafter.

Third
73:6
Tahajuud, return to Allah SWT and keep in contact the ropes if you will! Be the messenger, submit yourself to the Will of Allah!

Close
25:20 Follow your prophet and be patient in your works. Study and learn from the Sirah . Allah is always watching . 

Bruh !!! She just sent me photos of mountains in Switzerland 