---
id: 20230518132135
type: 
layout: 
status:
  - Next Up
  - In Progress
  - Archived
  - Cancelled
draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Seedling
  - Budding
  - Flowering
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 
growthEnd: 
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-05-18T13:21:35
publishDate: ""
expiryDate: ""
lastmod: 2023-05-18T13:21:35
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series: 
title: 2023-05-18
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections: 
categories: 
subjects: 
topics: 
tags: 
cover: ""
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: ""
authors:
  - Talha ibn Cyrus
authorsNoteType:
  - 
authorsNoteCustom: 
displayCharacterCount: false
displayGrowthDetails: true
displayReadTime: false
displaySocialShare: false
displaySlipDetails: true
displaySummary: true
displayToc: false
displayWordCount: false
displayComments: false
trackingCredibilityScore:
---
0000
…
## Setup
### Tasks
- [x] Check the status and messages of your PayPal account ✅ 2023-05-18
- [ ] Look up the YouTube accounts: Stock Brotha, and Wisdom Speaks
- [ ] Send out your motivational email for the day
- [x] Commit to an email platform to work with ✅ 2023-05-18
- [ ] Complete your Task Rabbit application 
- [ ] Setup the book download with audiobook and give it to Joker and Nova
- [ ] Social media/personal brand vision from the end going back
- [ ] Clear the browser tabs that you have open on Safari and Chrome
### Logs
- I have decided to commit myself to working with ConvertKit as my email newsletter management tool.
- Officially apart of the creation of a safe space Muslim community and an in charge of the newsletter and administration of the Discord group
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…
## Notes
Thank you for confirming, Dwayne.  
  
I would request you to contact Shoruq Samra and ask her to confirm the receipt of this payment by which funds will be released.  
  
Please provide the below steps to Shoruq Samra and ask her to confirm the receipt of the payment on a web browser, as this option is not available on mobile app.  
  
Here's how to confirm that you have received an item:

1.  Log in to your PayPal account via [PayPal.com](http://www.paypal.com/)
2.  Click [**Activity**](https://www.paypal.com/listing/transactions) at the top of your account.
3.  Click [**All Transactions**](https://www.paypal.com/activities/) under 'Transactions'.
4.  Find and click the original payment for the item.
5.  Click **Confirm Receipt**.
6.  Click **Yes** to confirm that you received the order.

**Note: If this option is not available to** Shoruq Samra now, then not to worry, this option will be enabled after 48 hours of the payment date, which means she can confirm the receipt of this payment after 19 May 2023, 21:02 PM EDT**.**

2:14 PM

- Mohammed

MD

Once, Shoruq Samra confirms the receipt of this payment, funds will be released instantly and you can use the funds for your future transactions or you can withdraw it to your bank using the below withdrawal link.  
  
http://www.paypal.com/wdfunds

2:14 PM

- Mohammed

Excellent, thank you very much.

2:17 PM

MD

In future, if there is no service or order shipment involved, I would request you to open a new Personal PayPal account to receive Friends and Family payments by which payments will not be held by PayPal.  
  
You will have to use a different email address to open Personal PayPal account for personal use.  
  
In a calendar month, you’ll have instant access to the first **$400.00 CAD** received from Goods and Services payments. Above that amount, the money becomes available up to 21 days after you receive the payment. The amount immediately available to you is reset every month.

2:17 PM

- Mohammed

MD

You can request an increase in your release amount once every 30 days. To do it: 

1.  Log in to your PayPal Business account.
2.  Click the **Pay & Get Paid** tab at the top of the page.
3.  Under **Wallet** click **Money**.
4.  Click **Request an increase** under "How to help get your money sooner".
5.  Select the appropriate amount.
6.  Click **Done**.

We’ll review your request and send you an email within 3 business days.

2:18 PM

- Mohammed

MD

You are most welcome, Dwayne.  
  
Is there anything else, I can help you with?