---
CUID: 20230814064727

type: Diary
layout:
status:
- Archived

draft: true
feature: false
private: false
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false

growthStage:
- Evergreen
growthStart:
growthEnd:
growthUpdate:

date: 2023-08-14T06:47:27
publishDate:
expiryDate:
lastmod: 2023-08-14T06:47:27

url:
slug:
aliases:
linkTitle:

series: 
- 1445 Daily Reviews 
title: 2023-08-14
subtitle:
summary:
description:

collections:
- Personal
categories:
- Reviews
subjects:
- Daily
topics:
tags:

cover: ""
coverAltText:
coverArtist:
coverCaptionText:
coverThumbnail: ""

author:
- Talha ibn Cyrus
authors:
- 
authorsNoteType:
- 
authorsNoteCustom:

trackingWellness
  trackLoveLetter: false

displaySettings:
  displayCharacterCount: false
  displayGrowthDetails: true
  displayReadTime: false
  displaySocialShare: false
  displaySlipDetails: true
  displaySummary: true
  displayToc: false
  displayWordCount: false
  displayComments: false
---
## Actions 
### Tasks
**The One:**
- [ ] AMA store is complete in design
**The Bonus:** 
- [x] Get your headphone dongle
- [ ] Plan the Week
- [ ] Update your Plan A for the year
**The Additions:** 
- [!] Fix your Stripe payment options
### Logs
- [[This Weeks Plans]]
- Plan A — Updated 1444
- Listened to Leo Zhang play … it’s beautiful 
- Spoke to [[Sakinah]] 
- Your body has rights over you, learn 
## Review
What did I do today?
…
What could I have done better?
…
What am I grateful for?
…

## Reference
- [[Love to Self - ]]
- [[Diary - ]]
- [[Istikarah -]]

Pursuing Martaige to Sakinah 
8:52 Be sure that you follow and do not deny the signs of Allah, RoNot be like Pharoah
88:10 A reference to the heavens, Jannah… perhaps an indicator of my life being elevated her in Dunya and Alkihra 
98:2 Well this is interesting, me previewing my recitation abilities is a requirement for the sister… 😬 This can be a potential beneficial and pure intent to move towards 
79:26 Keep everything halal, fear Allah in the pursuit should you decide
17:92 Seem like a another warning about testing and challenging Allah 

Consults
- Spoke to brother Ridwab: Bilal I’ll Monday and Thursday he’s also from Egypt and may have more details on making Hijrah, he also teaches Qur’an at n those days after Asr.

Signs


Diary 
@2007 
What is the point of making money with no family to invest in? 

@2028
Ya Allah…would it be wrong of me to get my life together for the intention of marriage? And in this case it could potentially be towards Sakinah. 

Ya Allah…I feel motivated or perhaps inspired after my conversation with her. I will keep halal and be honourable towards her. Should you see fit that a blessing can be had in our union or even this pursuit for the sake of your mercy, protection, and blessing grant it to me. 

I will pursuit in the best of manners following the ways of the Prophet PBUH. 

Ya Rabb I am very very motivated right now. 