---
id: "20231119052410"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-11-19T05:24:10
growthEnd: 2023-11-19T05:24:10
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-11-19T05:24:10
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-11-19T05:24:10
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Istikarah: I submit to the work of your messenger to speak, to consult, to teach our ways as Muslims.

Open 
55:14 - Could this be a reminder that Allah has made me for this, similar to what Dorthy told me yesterday that I have been selected.

First
108:2 - Return to the Salah and the prayers and Sacrifice for your Jannah. What am I sacrificing ? Is it my current ways of being, my fear, my need to not be alone, my worries, my stalling, what do I sacrifice ya Rabb? 

Surah: Trust in Allah…take the work serious like the science of getting rich see and feel that you already have the success in what you are doing. 

Second
64:4 - Stop think that Allah doesn’t see you and that you need to earn Allahs attention you already have it.  Allah knows. What is inside you, you just need to stop blocking the opportunities that Allah is giving you! 
Omg!!! You interview and then Dorthy connection with TedTalk pursues this, speak!!! Subhan’Allah 

Third
12:49 - Rain has always been seen as a good sign to produce wealth of life… what are you telling me ya Rabb. After something there will be a year of prosperity of reaping? I need to understand.

46-53: Do not be tempted by women and those while will try and pull you off your way of life towards haram. Do not seek the riches immediately stay modest be intelligent with what you receive as your bounty will come after. But first you must be stead fast in the preparation. Like a farmer a gardener etc Be patient like Prophet Yusuf

Close
3:184. You will experience much reject and denial just like the prophet, study and learn the Seerah so that you will know what to expect as a messenger of a Allah. 

183-185 stop fearing this life of delusion! Be of the messengers and message!!! You got a full sign yesterday, another one of course 

Review
I need to study the prophets starting with Musa, Mohammad and Yusuf
I need to focus on being the messenger and building my companions