---
id: "20231122142352"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-11-22T14:23:52
growthEnd: 2023-11-22T14:23:52
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-11-22T14:23:52
dateIslamic: 
publishDate: 2023-11-22T14:23:52
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
Istikarah I will Seek training in facilitation and coaching for men’s healing and trauma work. 

Open
39:55 Wow!!! Subhan’Allah I am being told to follow what is and has been revealed to me. I just spoke to Charles and he gave me guidance. Also, Dorothy giving me revealed information about speaking. Not to forget brother Nadeem! 

Allahu Akbar

First
56:28 This Surah is for wealth, though I don’t quite understand the Ayat. 
56:27-40 My gosh…this will be bountiful for me beyond measure and good for my Akhirah. I must do everything possible.

Second
63:11 The warning against my hesitttion, and sinning. Charles said I am to be an example so that men can take me serious. Stop stalling and get it done! You don’t have time to be wasting and thinking. The plan is set.

Third
73:10 Being patient this holds to what Dorothy told me about the 2-3 years for everything took come to fruition. 
9-11 Put all faith and trust in Allah SWT and avoid the deniers and the negative graciously.

Close
65:1 Divorce yourself from the women who were not revealed to you by Allah SWT through Dorothy. Divorce yourself from any ideas and thoughts and give yourself the time equal to that of divorce to purify and effect change. 


Tasks
- [ ] GTD Reset (1)
- [ ] Plan A Update 
- [ ] Istikarah Review
- [ ] Personal Brand Set
- [ ] Emails and Messages Clear

1454
Business:
- Personal Brand & Content Creation (Speaking) - Dan Koe
- Art Exhibition & Sales of Commisions - Murakami
- Coaching & Facilitation of Men - 
- 