**Journal Pctober 6**

  

@0316 

So here I was in a nice debate with my sister about Candace owens and comparing her to The BLM organization. We got into discussing the black mermaid and the reactions people have. Then that landed us into Disney and how their films are actually pretty messed up children. 

  

Unfortunately my mother decided to chime in as I was making the case for the unnecessary specialization of the characters (example used was Kida). It’s wrong for producers to design these character and tropes for men and women and target your kids (sub 13). 

  

At one point I mentioned how people like this and/or this kids a content is a part what messed me up. I also made it clear that people that think like that is the same people who messed with me. So here’s the problem and I why I am currently in a very angry state. My mom started to attack me and telling me I can’t say that! Like WTF!!!

  

She through herself in the middle of this conversation and was attacking me and dismissing, completely! That I was sexually abused and that there’s no relation to what I was talking about. Prior to, in regards to the ladies dress she was trying to take digs at me be Muslim by saying “do want the character to be in a long dress from head to toe” . Perhaps I’m over thinking this, but I saw no reason for that comment based on what I was talking about. 

  

The cut of the characters clothing has no reason to be that way to emphasize the characters origin. Keep in mind I brought other characters male and female that have been portraying poor information that young kids don’t need to be exposed to. Either way she just kept taking digs at me on various level with real effort and conviction. 

  

You would swear I was attacking her. 

  

Like ma’am you are a 60+ year old women you should have a better thinking on these matters. Like all this well who cares attitude is fucked up! Also covered the stupid stereotypes the films do for nearly every primarily “black” casted film. But no only the specialization of cartoon character was a problem because I used a female character as a reference. 

  

I brought points that they would agree to out of context, but when i say it should apply here (Disney programmi my for children) it’s a problem. When I double done and make reference to my own experience I’m denied and attacked.

  

I need to leave, I need to leave, I need to leave. Okay and you will! Sub 60 days and you are out, just make it happen! 

  

FUCK!!! 

  

This NEEDS to be an EMERGENCY EVACUATION!!! Great speed and sacrifice is needed.