@0122
Fuck it!

Why the fuck am I being like a normal man, a fucking loser…succumbing to masturbation, being distracted by women…WTF! 

I’m supposed to be the example, not the hypocrite!   

I’m working focused on putting money in someone else’s pockets…I am way to gifted, skilled, and intelligent for this to be my life. 

FUCK ME.

This that old me mentality, the loser, the silenced boy, the desperate boy…

I have one job! 

Make the future me a man that the current me will be proud of. To honour all of the BS that the child me had to survive. 

WTF CY! 

What are going to do about it? Today?!

@0318
Stop being a spectator, watching everyone else being successful doing what I can and want to do.

And how? How will you do this?

@0510
Here are the few ways in which to begin getting this done:
- Reclaim my time by replacing my income with remote employment and freelancing
- Reinvent myself by defining my boundaries for myself and anyone around me
- Follow the Sunnah and the Pillars of Islam be on jihad with it
- Create a crystal clear plan and vision for the rest of the year with routine
- Review everything you have thus far and get organized this is your amunition
- Start your business with Nadeem

@1835
Cyrus…

Yeah?

@2232
So what’s the plan? Obviously your attempts at “resetting” is not working for you right now.

This is true. 

Okay, so you are in a dire situation right now in this moment in your life. There is a clear target and goal that you need to reach.

Well what is the goal? Give me the vision.

Goal: Complete financial and location independence and self-sufficiency earning $20k USD minimum per month.

Vision: Digital nomad living in the east as a 4hour per day content creator on YouTube, TikTok, and X selling consulting, digital products, and online educational material. I’m now in a position to turn my career as an artist into a proper full-time work.

Okay great! Now you require a plan and a routine that will support the plan.
(Continue on to the next day.)