@0605 here I am deciding to change my life so that’s I am no longer depressed and killing myself in a tiny-ass room. 

  

Here’s what needs to be done today

- Finish your HU copywriting tutorial notes
- Clear all of your communications 
- Design the Cyrus Speakz website
- Obsidian templates and YAML has been setup with the documents
- Things have been processed
- Plan A has been updated and reviewed digitally and by hand
- All of Apple notes have been reviewed and processed
- All loose paper notes reviewed and processed
- The highest self has been described and written! 
- Content Strategy is complete for CS, no more guessing for me, including the vlog return
- TikTok templates are all in place for creation, poetry and your artwork 
- Money making strategy in place
- Plan the making of an intro video for your TikTok like an about
- Do one TikTok per category of works, reaction, delivery, SA of men, mens character, mental health 
- Reach out to brother Khalid if you can get another hit of help
- Change your profile video to hijab 
- Announce no lives today on TikTok for the week.

- Finish the confidence video 

  

@1707 at some point I fell sleep and now I am up it was a struggle to get up. I was feeling fear, anxiety, and worthlessness…

  

I kept telling myself that Cyrus the Righteous, the Exemplar does not behave in this way. 

  

So for the time being I am up and have given gratitude to my creator.

  

@1716 I’m still stalling to leave the room because I am ashamed of myself. This is not how Cyrus the Righteous, the exemplar behaves! 

Get out cleanup, make Salat, clear your comms, do some HU.

  

1815 I am dressed for the rest of the day and my body is hungry. I need to feed it, unfortunately my options are rather limited that’s fine. Just get started on something, food or work.