---
cuid: "20250120071309"
date: 2025-01-20T07:13:09
title: Journal 14460720
series: 
seriesNumber: 
collection:
  - Journals
tags:
  - newsletter
  - mailbox
  - vision
bookmark: false
private: false
---
##### 0713
I feel so damn sick in my stomach. 
##### 0719
I am seeing faces again in carpet and towel made materials for some reason this makes me happy. 

Anyway. Today we must do and be and exist and complete the work! Your baby is on the way. 
##### 0821
I need to earn 1200 CHF on top as hush money for the father of my first daughter.
##### 0912
How do we make today different? Start with one thing…the newsletter.

Okay, great! The newsletter it is. What the plan?

**Vision:** A daily to every other day newsletter that inspires, teaches, and sells my products. It written casually and convincingly, it’s personal and profitable. No tactics and gimmicks just genuine help and guidance and support. The main source of communication with my community. A simple and clear landing page on my website with forms to intake people for The Delivery, The Men, The Art, and for Sovereign. 

Steps:
- Review all of your past newsletters.
- Write a reintroducing letter and update to where you been.
- Write a letter to previous subscribers that you have moved them to a new address.
- Give yourself a loose template to follow for writing your newsletters.
##### 1642
This is your task for the mailbox:
- Copy back and front 
- Place original in backpack 
- Print out the police check (2 pages)
- Mail the 2 letter
- Send closed envelope signature mail
##### 1734
Reading my second or third last newsletter has me emotional. I WROTE THAT! I needs to be used to begin my community and my channel.

Wow.