---
cuid: "20250320162941"
date: 2025-03-20T16:29:41
title: 1446-1447 Visions
series: Plan A 1447
seriesNumber: 4
description: 
collection:
  - Plans
private: true
---
## Anti-Vision
What you do not want in your life…
- To be under the schedule of anyone, no one controls me, what I do where I go, how I do anything, what I say and don’t say, I DECIDE
- To worry and be stuck in a job or any relationship that has me feeling trapped I have done far too much of this
- To be a shadow artist, a person stuck wishing and hoping to create and build and express while watching others do what I crave most
- To disappear, to hide from life and people and opportunities and success I have always found my way out and then go back into hiding
- To live like the rest, cheap dopamine, no morals, just slaves to emotion and desire I been that and it disgusts me, I am better than that much better
- To pretend to be anything I am not for the sake of money, status, or any relationship with anyone, hiding myself and wearing a mask I am done with that life it’s exhausting 
- To look in the mirror and see a boy, in my grooming and in my physique, in my eyes I know that I am weak in this state and it’s pathetic truly pathetic
- For my name to be lost in history, that I lived and died and no one talks of me 100 years later, no one studies me, no one references my life to learn to live, to be forgotten
- To watch and feel my body waste away, never becoming never experiencing the power of a man I have always been small and I don’t want that I hate it physically, mentally, socially, I live small
- To live small and not experience the greatness of my name my experiences, this world and all the beauty it has to offer small is pathetic and sad I will not live like the rest
- To live in survival unable to buy what I want do what I want take care of who I want to be dependent on anyone and thing other than God, being at the mercy of others is the life of a begger not a giver I give I create from nothing like Allah SWT 
- To be alone, no network, no people riding and dying for me, being of the 99%, a loser, a normal person, it’s sick when I am fucking amazing I just don’t show it
- To be out of alignment with Allah SWT, God has and continues to give me so much and in the face of that I spit on Gods mercy on me by living small and hiding and being fearful of anyone and thing other than him 
- For my family beyond my wife and kids to be fragmented and or suffering from money problems, to suffer because of a thing that is not real is a sickness it’s disgusting work from evil people and I will not allow my tribe to be subject to that
- The best of foods and health is foreign to me, out of my reach, something that is out of my grasp why when it’s supposed to be accessible to me at anytime it’s accessible to others why am I on the outside 
- Low spec second hand tech and material goods of what you can get tech and living and environments, I am greatness so why must I live like a beggar like one of poverty when I am actually rich 🤬
- Not having my own home, the way I like it and want it, where it is mine from the jump not a charity or something I came into
- Being at the mercy of another for anything, that makes me a slave, that makes me weak, that makes me vulnerable to them, it puts me out of control of my life and I want to cry in anger just thinking of that
- Being afraid to act to risk for the sake of my own desires wants needs self-interest development and simple joys, fear has had me stuck in a cycle of unworthiness for far too long fucking long
- Not having a voice for my life, being and feeling silenced, hiding my thoughts and opinions and desires like a scared bitch of a man why? so others can be comfortable fuck that at the cost of your voice
- Being dependent on anyone outside of my own skills, thoughts knowledge, resources I am the one who creates I am made in the likeness of the Great Creator and have been blessed 
- Looking dressing thinking talking behaving and carrying myself like the others like anyone else being undisciplined unfocused conquered by others and systems instead of being the one to conquer fuck that
- Doing things just to please others this must end no matter what. I do not do anything that is not in my best interest and pulls me away from my purpose and my way of life.
- Carry about how others feel or think about me because of what I do and how I do it. That is soft that is weakness that is not leading. I am not a fucking follower, ever! 
- My wife and kids not having everything they want and need by my hands from the provision of Allah SWT. I provide for them no one else! 
- Being disconnected from those I love because of my own false ideas of shame and guilt. It’s stupid, you are [[Dwayne Michael Cyrus]], live up to the fucking name, The Benevolent Dictator! 
- Settling for anything I get and having to accept it because I have no other options. I don’t want options I make decisions only.
- Hair that is not locked, breaking, unhealthy, not groomed including the beard looking like I have no owner as though I am not royalty as though I am not to be respected.
- Not traveling regularly always at home like some loser not out in the world making, owning, creating, meeting, and leading the people.
- Never having my own space to create, to make, to exist where things are exactly how I want it and is never disturbed — my domain. My house is also my domain as well and it runs how I desire it to run nothing else.
- Unclean unorganized lifestyle and environment lacking discipline and structure.
- Being powerless and weak, dependent in any area of my life.
- Not being regarded by 100’s of thousands as a leader, a change maker, a category of one who has positively impacted there life, whom they follow anywhere and everywhere.
- Anyone thinking they can tell me what to do and how to do and when and where to do it. Being under the control of and or influence of anyone, I despise this.
- Anyone feeling and thinking it’s okay to volunteer my time for anything and me yielding to it. I decide, no one decides for me ever! 
- A family living outside of Islam in all manners, this is not acceptable.
- Not being fluent in many languages German, French, Spanish, Arabic, Japanese, Swahili—I am always able to communicate for myself! 
- Constantly living in survival instead of abundance worrying about having enough food, money for bills, travel, shelter, and clothes.
- Not knowing how to hunt and farm in the modern world, the craft of money getting anytime I need to increase or receive money anytime I want.
- Treating myself as last, as disposable, as unworthy. I am in fact THE asset I AM what matters without me all else fails.
- My wife not having everything of this world that she needs and wants, I make all things possible.
- Being a coward, a slave to fear, to my emotions, to others.
- Waking up not excited, panicked, worried, not in line with possibilities and creation.
- Being unskilled, lazy, not training intensely my mind, body, creativity, and your body skills becoming The Example.
- Not being an athlete, a philosopher, an artist, a leader, and messenger of Allah SWT 
- An untrained warrior and killer, to not be this is weakness unmanliness.
- Not being an intellectual assassin a man of dominance in any and all matters of your sphere in conversation and knowledge.
- Being anything less than absolute greatness the top 0.01 percent of all men in all things! 
- Poor stamina, flexibility, mobility and strength, reaction, and speed—pure weakness.
- Not having opportunities and money coming in every single day like clockwork. I am supposed to be always in-demand and being compensated for my services.
- Not having a massive network of connected creating individuals and people wanting to be my clients and/or collaborate with me to produce new works.
- Not being the example of manhood and the leader and educator the guide to 100’s of thousands of men worldwide I am the role model I am him! 
- Not having power status and wealth.
- Limiting my self in anyway, another form of me hiding like a bitch this is not who you are.
- Not being an influential speaker, writer online, YouTuber, and visual artist, and Muslim man, THE CATEGORY OF ONE, the CATEGORY KING.
- Not having my Tatsu MAKES me incredibly sad and isolated this is bad for my health or testosterone.
- Not being the absolute beast of a dad, husband, and man I am to be the best example, the ONE. I do it all.
- My feelings playing any role in anything that I do. Logic and strategy only always.
- Not using my intelligence and capabilities for my own personal gain. It’s foolish not doing so, very stupid and I am NOT stupid.
- Being an amateur instead of a professional in all matters and professional is simply one who knows what to do with time.
- ~~To have a woman who disrespects me and abuses me emotionally, one I need to distance from to feel safe.~~
- Living as a coward, anything less than my greatest self.
- I don’t run my family like a single dad, on point every thing.
- Downplaying my capabilities to hide from people.
***
## Vision
- [ ] Next year make a review of these in the review section.
- [ ] Next year update how this functions for others to use
- [ ] Every 3-5 years redo the design from scratch
- [ ] Next year pull this stuff out of the work and the day documents in legacy
### Legacy
The works you will leave behind from living your life purpose.

**Areas of Responsibility:**
- Leading
- Healing
- Creating
- Speaking 
- Writing
- Exhibiting
- Teaching
- Guiding
- Documenting
#### Destination 
I am changing the state of men from the inside out. Returning them to a once embraced and respected place of honor amongst women through true leadership as the example. Which in turn the good women are properly educated and living in accordance to the righteousness of Allah SWT.

The works I create cross mediums and moves people into action after deep reflection about men. My storytelling takes form in illustrations, novels, games, poetry, and animation. I command the attention of millions of men leading and speaking for them. Taking them towards a life of sovereignty.

The Benevolent Dictator.

**Be and Feel**
- Rebellious 
- Creative
- Sovereign 

**Milestones** 
- A community has been built around my works online
- First art exhibition has been produced 
- Book series for women has been completed in full
- Book series for men has been completed in full
- Rights of Passage the first group
- NFT collection series of expression about men’s realities
- Season 1 of my Sovereign Universe comic published 
#### Assessment 
**Experience** 
Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
Not owning the full weight of responsibility for what you must do for the sake of Allah SWT. I need to know that Allah SWT desires this for me and I am in my right to embrace it completely.

**Pain**
Carrying shame for hiding from what Allah SWT has clearly made for me to do.

**Relief**
Doing the activities in line with your legacy as you are already successful in it every single day.

**Reward**
Serving Allah SWT which in turn serves and benefits me into living a life of purpose, honor, and greatness.
### Adventure Seeking
The activities you engage in to refresh your mind and body that provide fun, enjoyment, stimulation, amusement or pleasure when you are not working.

**Areas of Responsibility:**
- Hobbies
- Gaming
- Travel
- Transcendent
- Experiences
- Leisure, 
- Music
- Pleasure
- Stimulation
- Amusement
- Fun
#### Destination
I go to places and do things that 99% of the population will never experience or have the ability to do. Constantly exposing myself to various cultures, ways of life, and of course the people. I and my family are nomadic, roots reaching out all over the world. In all places I venture to. I paint memories of the environments and the people which brings me great joy. My life is about painting and making memories of God’s creations everywhere that I go. I am not a tourist anywhere, I am a global citizen made local wherever I am. 

Art, dance, and music are core to my expression and experiences of the world. I am trained in various styles of art and dance, deeply involved in creating and DJing music in a number of ways. I tell stories with my crafts and it's a beautiful adventure for me to learn to build new things from RC planes to architectural models and imaginary worlds. I maintain much room for play and curiosity in my life.

I am the artist child who survived.

**Be and Feel**
* Energized
* Empowered
* Curious 

**Milestones**
- ==My family lives a nomadic lifestyle supported solely by me in Malaysia for [[Hijrah]]==
- Learned how to integrate myself into new communities quickly 
- Lived in 12 countries for a minimum of 3 months as a local
- Fluent in Arabic, French, Spanish, (Swiss) German
- Good relationships with people in 12 different countries for whenever I visit I can just call them
- Built my own miniature model home with real materials and electricity by my design
- Residency in 3 contents
- Passports for 3 countries on 3 continents
- A running online comic [[Sovereign Universe]] 
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
I am not self-sufficient as a digital nomad, nor do I have the connections with people of influence, resources, and power. This means I cannot have fun the way I want because of money.

**Pain**
I’m dependent on others to make my survival possible while out in the world and I feel inadequate and incompetent, not like a man. So I live small, because I “can’t” afford to live. 

The shame.

I also do not make art and tell stories, even though i can. I am scared.

**Relief**
Financial self-sufficiency in a way that only requires me to have a laptop, phone, tablet, lapel mic, mobile led light, and a good internet connection. 

Make art and tell stories daily.

**Reward**
Living fully expressed, like a man would! Expressed, creative, satisfied, alive, connected, and self-sufficient.
***
### Business Development
Activities that you are engaged in to offer value to the world in exchange for monetary gain.

**Areas of Responsibility** 
- Being profitable 
- Serving people
- Building products
- Ethical practices
- Brand building
#### Destination
A prolific artist across mediums with a constantly touring exhibit that blurs the line between fine and commercial success. The artwork holds deep cultural meaning as pieces holding great meaning and impact speaking on the realities of men and culture.

Influencer and educator (synthesizer of knowledge) to the masses as a content creator and public speaker on [[post-traumatic growth]] specialized in men’s development. With over 12 million followers on each of my social channels including my newsletter where I give away guidance and knowledge freely.

An empathetic coach working with people recovering from trauma with a specialization in men with 1-1, group coaching, and self-directed therapy material and resources available online. My work also involves leading boys though a ‘[[Rights of Passage]]’ program along with coaching for parents especially single mothers raising boys.

**Be and Feel**
- Leader
- Powerful
- Creative
- Energized 
- Focused

**Milestones**
- ==Build your one-person business across the 6 figure mark  per month==
- Get yourself certified as a Co-Active coach
- Complete the first Co-Active module
- Hold you first themed exhibit as an artist
- Sell your first NFT
- Sell your first physical piece of art
- Sell your first coaching program
- Sell $12'000 worth of digital products
- Sell your first $1000 of digital art
- Full time digital educator/writer online working 4 hours to sustain
- Professional illustrator
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
I do not set up the discipline and required actions to fulfill the necessary activities and goals mapped toward success. Because of this I am earning nothing now—opting for hiding instead of creating big.

**Pain**
My self worth is tied to my production and financial earnings, I feel lifeless and worthless as a man.

**Relief**
Experimenting with the skills and knowledge that I already possess in order to figure out how to make my One Person business work. I just need to take action every single day on the things that move me forward. 

**Reward**
Living a life that I am proud of knowing that I am self-sufficient and living my purpose on my terms as Allah SWT has intended for me.
***
### Community Engagement
Social contributions being made to bring about positive change and greater benefits to the world.
#### Destination
I have built a global community of [[voyagers]] whom I educate and empower. People are in line with my messages of personal improvement and healing of trauma and creative expression. The ones who do the work, and go through the pain of growth. I make as much content as possible for free so that anyone and everyone can benefit if they do the work.

A physical village of people who want to bring back the ways of old with the advantages of modern technologies. The mentality we all share is that the community comes first. For one to benefit means the group benefits, for one to suffer means the group suffers. The raising of children and inter-dependency as a community is core to our way of life.

I am their leader.

**Be and Feel**
* Connected
* Engaged 
* Energized
* Empowered

**Milestones**
- Become massively influential and well known
- Getting land to build you village
- ==A dedicated and engaged online community of 1000 people doing the work with testimonials and evidence to show the change==
- A library of over 100 pieces of actionable and insightful content for free on my website
- The first 3 homes built alongside mine in the village
- Reputation is established as a global leader 
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied

**Problem**
I stopped hosting lives that were helping me build my authority along with an engaged community who sought my guidance and wisdom. I lost my account because I wasn’t on purpose with my work.

**Pain**
The loss of my community and the living of my purpose has left a big hole in my life and I have been unfulfilled and aimless ever since. On top of that I am not doing the work Allah SWT has given me, the shame and guilt covers me.

**Relief**
Rebuilding my community online with daily engagement, content, and a proper plan with rules for how I hold the space. I must play the game until I don’t have to follow the rules of the game.

**Reward**
Fulfilling on Allah SWT plan and command for me to do the work. To hold the position of leader and guide the people away from needless suffering and self-sabotage.
***
### Creative Expression
Projects that you are engaged in that put forth tangible pieces of work into the world for consumption.
#### Destination
A plethora of artworks created from physical to digital in various mediums that express my pain and experiences in life. My works are my story, a timeline of my life expressed through my art. I am constantly in a state of creation from project to project I am like [[Prince]] a maker obsessed with the act of creation and storytelling.

I hold a vault of finished works well documented and properly archived. This is a part of my life’s work as a storyteller. Producing everything and anything, if it’s a medium that can house the expressions I have released. My art is not just for my gratification, but always hold an impact for the world to consume. 

My IP, an entire world of its own that is a creative house like Riot. The world is based on something to do with my story and life. The stories I tell are devastating and highly engaging, controversial, and not of the norm.

My creative is limitless.

**Be and Feel**
* Energized
* Expressed
* Curious
* Empowered

**Milestones**
- Published a number one book seller as an author
- ==Develop an entire world as an IP that represents my story.==
- Completed the first season of my comic.
- Released my first video game.
- Fashion line has been designed and released
- 12 collections of themed works
- Poetry book has been released and received by millions
- Launched my first illustration book for fans of my art.
- Popular comic turned viral and into an animated series
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
No habit or consistent process for creating artwork daily no matter what I feel or have going on.

**Pain**
My child Artist is silent and has been for all my life with only moments of spotlight and a voice. I feel like I’m dead inside.

**Relief**
Create every single day with paint and line, learn to do it, become an illustrator.

**Reward**
My Artist child has a voice, the voice he’s been yearning to have made public. He’s finally free!
***
### Environment Design
The conditions and influences that surround you at home and work that impact your growth, health and progress.
#### Destination
My life is one of pure sovereignty, I live where I want how I want when I want. I own properties around the world that my nomadic family moves between and lives. They are all built to my specs and my family’s desires. Our home base is custom-designed and built to give me my courtyard and work building. It is out in a bit of the country in a small place that’s more of a village. The village and community that I have made from scratch.

No matter where in the world I am I always have my own private quarters for my work. My belongings digital and physical are always organized with a place for everything and everything in its place. I’m always able to access what I need from my home base when working remotely or in one of my other homes. 

My spaces are always designed for simplicity and structure right down to my phone as it gives me peace of mind. Natural light, fresh air, and immediate access to lots of nature outside my homes are a constant. I take up space and no longer live small or in small spaces or in small ways in big spaces. Technology is always at the forefront of my spaces for my convenience, but not an intimate dependency.

I live as an expressed minimalist.

**Be and Feel**
* Safe
* Inspired
* Relaxed

**Milestones**
- Built my first home.
- Bought my first home.
- Digital life is cleansed and organized.
- A fully updated Apple ecosystem.
- First home studio setup complete.
- ==My first home of my own, by my own hands, picked and paid for by me with my own private space to work and create in Malaysia.==
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
Not having my own place and things by my design.

**Pain**
I have no ownership and control over my space and possessions, I feel at the mercy to my environment instead of my environment being at my mercy.

**Relief**
To have my own space and home chosen by me for me with my own things in my own way.

**Reward**
Living big and being/feeling in control of my life in all areas.
***
### Family Matters
The quality of your relationships with the group of [[safe people]] to who you are related by blood, law, marriage, or adoption.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- Children
- Parents
- In-laws
- Aunts
- Uncle
- Cousins
- Adopted Folks
- Nieces/Nephews
#### Destination
My nomadic polyglot family is Muslim through and through and practicing within the home set by myself, with my structures in place. We live by a motto set by myself and our last name holds weight as my reputation and network grows in the world. The name opens doors for my people.

My mother and father are in a state with me that I no longer feel any sense of discomfort with my relationship or lack of relationship with them. The parents in law and my parents are healthy to my standards and are regularly involved in my children’s lives. Teaching them about our histories and where they came from under my allowances.

Then there’s my chosen family members who I am regularly involved with and they in my life. They are so trusted that my family, wife and kids know to go to them if anything ever happens, this of course includes my adopted kids. The family is big and connected a tribe of its own who earn together, heal together, support each other.

We have a group chat.

**Be** and Feel
- Empowered 
- Authentic
- Safe
- Leadership

**Milestones**
- Reach to your mother and try to build a connection, perhaps through Souen
- Reach out to your dad and see what’s  possible.
- Contact all of your siblings to build relationships on a regular basis check-in
- All the kids know how to speak and hear in 4 languages at minimum
- First adoption
- The family motto is in place
- Contact all of your chosen family on a weekly to bi weekly basis for a year.
- Legally able to stay in Switzerland with my family.
- ==Practicing Muslim family.
- Contact all of the people you want to be your family including your blood, parents, siblings, uncles, aunts, cousins, and the chosen.
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
Hiding from making connections with the people I want to be counted to.

**Pain**
Not at peace with the way I manage my side of these relationships and yes it is a lingering ever-present sadness, a bleeding if you will.

**Relief**
Being engaged and connected authentically on my terms only, apologies given for my behaviours and treatment of the relationship.

**Reward**
Peace, pride, and content in my heart knowing that I am doing my part, that I am available and no longer hiding in fear of being seen and/or hurt.
***
### Health Improvements
The general condition of your body, ~~mind and spirit being happy,~~ healthy and prosperous and free from disease, pain and stress.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- Mental state
- Physical state
- Emotional state
#### Destination
My body is in peak condition of a man 20-30 years younger than myself. Calisthenics body builder sculpted, yoga master flexible, highest of functional mobility, long distance Kenyan level hunter stamina and endurance. The body has been trained to fight and be hit, it is conditioned for harsh weather, and intense physical strain. The food intake is of the highest quality along with my media consumption, nothing but the best is consumed by me across all formats primarily books.

My appearance is that of a man, with long flowing beautiful healthy locs with matching radiant skin, and properly groomed nails, white teeth, and overall immaculate natural-looking grooming (not pretty boy) from head to toe. With my bionic eyes my vision is 20/20 and my sinuses are problem free, I live with zero chronic ailments and it’s beautiful. I train and groom my body every single day to stay healthy and in top performance, it is ritual for me every morning.

The mind is at peace with my regular practice of meditation and other brainwashing and brain cleansing techniques to maintain complete control. Negative thinking, and thoughts of low self-worth are of the past and not a thing in my daily experiences. The mind is a slave to my will and my emotions are an obedient sidekick, and never in control, EVER. My story as a survivor has been told and owned, it is a source of my greatness and mental and emotional health.

I am THE MAN.
**Be and Feel**
* Structured
* Energized 
* Empowered
* Informed
* Strong
* Dominant

**Milestones**
- ==Locs are down to my shoulders==
- Brainwashing is complete to what I want 
- Weight of 168-180 lbs 
- Bionic eyes installed
- Scalp condition has been solved 
- Body is sculpted like an adult man
- Yoga master flexibility 
- Mastery of meditation 
- Completed 6 months of 20% routine
- Eat healthy every single day for 6 months
- Full grooming routine complete for a year
- Teeth cleaned and teeth replaced
- Bionic eyes installed 
- Sinus issues are completely resolved
- My mind has been made my slave
- Earned my first black belt or equivalent in a martial art
- Mastery of calisthenics
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
I lack care for my own health in all areas and I know it is a bad thing, but I still do not do it. All of this is because of my mentality.

**Pain**
I am destroying myself, treating myself like garbage, and looking like and treating myself like an irresponsible boy. I feel embarrassed and shame.

**Relief**
Having control over my mind, destroying and deconstructing in order to implement the necessary eating, mindset, emotions, and body with tangible results in my development of becoming a healthy man. THE EXAMPLE.

**Reward**
I am the example of manhood, I see myself as a man, a strong and capable man. A warrior. 
***
### Skill Gathering (Personal Forging)
Activities you undertake to improve your skillset and knowledge to build your human capital and value to the world.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- Knowledge 
- Skills
- Capabilities
#### Destination
The definition of a [[solo leveler]].

An intellectual athlete and master of a unique set of skills. A man of specialized knowledge and accreditations in psychology, coaching, and the healing arts (certifications in IFS, ICF, CPCC, ACC, and PCC) along with a few other areas of recognized study and trainings. I have proven my accumulation of knowledge in the real world through self study with my digital garden.

My personal website is a treasure trove of all my accumulated knowledge synthesized for others to benefit. It is my second brain on public display for the world to see and benefit from. My brilliance and practical accumulation of knowledge is an impressive feat to my community and I am know for it.

I have a regular practice of self study that is specialized to my interests in art, history, Islam, trauma, psychology, philosophy, quantum physics, health, relationships, creativity, power, branding, war, and personal development. Everything that I have needed to learn to make myself an amazing man is accessible in my second brain and in my various essays, articles, and thought pieces.

Accompanying my vast and specialized knowledge are equally specialized and perfected skills. My ability to write, draw, paint, build, fight, heal, and speak in the digital landscape are top tier. A force not to be reckon with as I am deadly in the arena of intellectual pursuit and creative endeavours that require artistic abilities — my body is also a weapon of destruction and endurance. I embody speed in all things as I know it beats everything else. A polyglot and master communicator, I am that guy. My mind and mouth and hands are more a source of power and influence in any domain I preside.

Solo Leveling.

**Be and Feel**
- Empowered
- Curious
- Creative
- Powerful
- Fast

**Milestones**
- ~~Setup your website to publish your articles and thoughts ~~
- ~~Update the website to operate like Obsidian using JS and MD~~
- Achieve your Co-Active certification as a coach
- IFS accreditation received 
- Published 1000 essays and articles of long form content
- Functional system for consuming and producing knowledge
- Speed reader, typist, listener
- An incredible public speaker and conversationalist
- Black belt in fighting
- Be a full blown illustrator drawing whatever I want
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
Not having a routine for training nor a system for consuming and producing knowledge.

**Pain**
My brain and artistic talents is wasting away while also wasting opportunities for growth in other areas of my life. I’m just not learning anything or getting better anymore.

**Relief**
Seeing tangible results in my development in knowledge and abilities to produce creative works.

**Reward**
To know that I have developed fundamental skills and knowledge to propel my life forward.
***
### Self-Image
The image/identity, reputation, and self-knowledge you hold with yourself including and assessment of your qualities, abilities, appearance, and self-worth.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- How you dress
- The thoughts you have
- Words you use
- Accomplishments in life
- Abilities that you have
- Control of mind
#### Destination
A man of purpose, conquest, and sheer unstoppable will, everything I say gets done. My mind is callus and primed for action, my feelings hold no power over my mind. I love myself and care for myself as though I was a new born child with grace and attentiveness.

I am the voice of the Ummah, the living example of what it is to be the greatest of men. Always well spoken with the most gracious, gentle, and effective delivery when I speak. Always dressed to represent, modest yet with a style and flair that screams creativity.

The most prolific artist, impactful educator, and renowned leader across the globe. An honest man of true sovereignty, one who produces far beyond what he consumes. A sage and outlaw, a creator using my genius to heal and guide the world. A producer in every single area of life, I am the source.

The [[Owa]],
The Benevolent Dictator.

**Be and Feel**
- Confident
- Positive
- Assertive
- Powerful
- Capable

**Milestones**
- Mastery of the English language.
- Have the clothing that defines your style of dress.
- Achieve the physique you desire to build.
- Grow your locs to the length that you desire.
- My story has been written and told to the world.
- ==Rewired mindset from the negative to one of control, dominance, and worthiness of all things.==
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied

**Problem**
I believe that I am an unworthy man in all areas of life and I live my life according to this system.

**Pain**
In every area of life I see and feel myself as a loser because I live like this.

**Relief**
A complete overhaul of my belief system and mindset to that of worthiness in all things, the very best of life.

**Reward**
Inner peace, outer freedom, and a life that is taking up space.
***
### Social Bonding
The time you spend talking to, being involved with and doing activities with friends and people you like or enjoy being with.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- Maintaining communication
- Setting up dates and hangouts
- Being involved
#### Destination
“I’ve got a guy for that”, just like [[Barney Stinson]]. I am a man who is well connected in every part of the world with men of means, influence, and connection. Across social classes, financial brackets, and the underground. My connections are valuable and the respect between us is built on our word and honour. 

My Tatsu is solid. We are men of tight bonds, brothers through it all, the ups and the downs of life. We ride together, live together, grow together, build together, fail together, pray together! These are my Sahabah you know, I go to them for anything and everything and they come to me. 

Outside of my Tatsu, I have a massive network of men who are productive and producing from around the world. They are my community and I am seen as a leader, one to follow, and they look to me for guidance and information. We are men of the work, indelible, ascending men of mark.

I am HIM.

**Be and Feel**
- Energized
- Connected
- Appreciated

**Milestones**
- First male best friend for a year of constant communication.
- My Tatsu has hit 4 other connected men.
- Known online as a leader of men (and women).
- I have a network of men that are in every single industry and service 
- My group Indelible Men is an official organization for men
- The Delivery is an established place for women to learn about men
- Connect deeply with men here in Switzerland
- Get closer to Souen's brothers and dad.
- ==Reconnect with your own brothers.==
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
I do not know and or have the practice of expanding my network and connecting with men.

**Pain**
I am alone as a man.

**Relief**
To have brothers that I move through life with.

**Reward**
Brotherhood, strength in numbers.
***
### Spiritual Growth
Practice of connection with a higher self and/or creator to better understand and experience life as a human being.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- Cleansing of the Heart 
- Islamic Knowledge 
- Purifying the mind
- Leadership of Family
- Contributing Member of Society
#### Destination
My knowledge of Islam is like that of a scholar and my reputation is very high in and outside of the muslim community. While also maintaining that my character is always in development. A hafiz and beautiful reciter of [[Qur’an]] with full knowledge of modern and Qur’anic Arabic. I can also speak in Qur’anic versus that’s how good my memorization is.

Most importantly my applied faith and absolute trust in Allah is second to none. Now of course it is nothing like the prophets, but I do my best to get as close as possible and remain in Taqwa. Everything I do is meant to be inline with the laws of Allah SWT as an obedient slave.

Lastly, I am seen as an unofficial sheik by the Muslim community at large around the world. This is simply because of my trying to educate and relate Muslims and non-muslims to the fundamentals of Islam. Always dressed as a Muslim, and recognizable as a Muslim.

2:216 — Alhamdulillah.

**Be and Feel**
* Connected
* Knowledgeable
* Grounded
* Inspired
* Energized
* Confident

**Milestones**
* Learn Qur’anic Arabic in depth
* Learn to speak, write, and read in Arabic
* ==Mastery of salat and leading salat with Sunnah==
* Hafiz the Qur’an
* Free-styling rector of the Qur’an
* Islamic routine is on point, I pray anywhere no problem.
* My family is raised Muslim and know the true fundamentals/core of Islam under my leadership
* Learned to call to prayer beautifully with my voice
* Produced a best-selling books on Islamic fundamentals and character building
* Well versed on the Sunnah and Seerah
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
Not living my day-to-day as a Muslim that I would be proud of being. I could lose Jannah because of this.

**Pain**
Guilt and shame for being distant from Allah SWT when I know how much Allah SWT has and continues to do for me. I cause my own needless suffering.

**Relief**
Discipline in my salat, [[Tahajjud]], [[Istikarah]], [[Tawbah]], [[Istighfar]], Qur’an reading/study, and my obligatory and sunnah fasts while removing and keeping away as much haram as possible.

**Reward**
[[Tawakul]] and pride in the knowledge that I live and practice as a Muslim of knowledge the way I want, as a living example for others while maintaining my culture.
***
### Wealth Systems
Activities you take to manage your finances and assets that increase the flow and access to money.
#### Destination
A focused system in place that continuously generate daily income in the thousands. My money is always in flow and compounding on itself, all done and maintained remotely via my phone. The currency’s are varied from the strongest countries from each content around the world in various exclusive banking institutions.

None of my wealth is haram from beginning to end, I DO NOT deal in interest ever. My investments are in coffee bean farms in South America, Africa, and South East Asia. In addition to this my other investments are in natural resources, important/export, commercial real estate, and as an investor in small businesses.

There’s also my body shops and car detailing businesses, along with my fashion brands, and other business ideas that I have started. However, these businesses that I start are meant to be lead and ran by others and I just give input and reap the investments of their success of a small amount between 3-12%. That way I’m also guiding others in how to successfully run and operate a business.

I keep cash flowing.

**Be and Feel**
* Calm
* Stable
* Energized 
* Connected
* Empowered

**Milestones**
- Zero debts personal and commercial.
- Open my first coffee bean farm.
- Invested money into my first business.
- The modest fashion house for men is profitable.
- Launched my first car detailing and customization body shop.
- Significant investment in gold.
- Daily income of 1000 dollars “passively”.
- 3 weekly income sources that would be considered “passive”.
- Purchased my first commercial property as an investment.
- Secured my first year plus long investment in an import/export of natural goods 
- Get an American bank account and phone number and apps for money on an iPhone
- ==Covering all of my family bills with my one-person business==
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Very Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
I have no income and there's a starving family with baby on the way. Debt to be cleared in full for the wife and I.

**Pain**
I am failing my primary duty as a man, I am soft and weak now, and my family suffers because of me. Stress and anxiety about having to pay back what is due which some have interest, all of this is shameful as a Muslim. Not having anything setup as assets left over for my wife and kids should anything go wrong with me or my natural passing.

**Relief**
The family is covered in full by my work and all of the debts commercial and personal are paid off in full along with removing all interest based activities from our finances.

**Reward**
Being in the black with a positive daily cash flow and investments for our future asset growth.
***
### Wife Maintenance
The existence and quality of profound, deep, romantic, affectionate, fond, passionate, exciting, mysterious, and sexual feelings for another.

**Areas of Responsibility**
- Physical Attention
- Spiritual Guidance 
- Emotional Support
- Mental Growth
- Financial Provision
- Wife Training
#### Destination
She wants for nothing of this world, through me and my works Allah SWT has provided me the means of making her the woman and life she desires and deserves. Lead by Islam she is a covered and modest and empowered woman with a beautiful soul. She loves Islam because I have given her the guidance and passed on the knowledge of Islam to her.

We are in sync, talking to one is talking to both. Inseparable, she is my confident. I encourage and provide the resources she needs to explore the world and grow as a woman. I am always supportive of her and proud, never being harsh always and consistently soft even in frustration and discipline. A woman who is in the business of leading other women like her, I want this for her.

We are sexually in-tune with each other always enjoying, pushing, and exploring. I keep her satisfied nightly. With dates and trips and shopping a regular part of her life, I make sure of this. Of course we are each other workout buddies, that’s just a must. Oh, and I ensure that she does her sexy dancing with the girls, but also that she and I dance regularly along with our walks. 

She is a truly kept woman.

**Be and Feel**
* Leader
* Energetic
* Inspired 
* Peace

**Milestones**
* Achieve clear understanding and study of the laws in Shariah as it relates to marriage, children, divorce, infidelity, death, inheritance
- On a regular workout schedule lead by me for a year
- ==She is covered completely financially, pays for nothing even when I’m not around.==
- She has all the clothing she needs to dress her style covered.
- ~~She is regularly messages by myself as I have been trained.~~
- Regularly massaged 1-2 times a week by a professional.
- Move her into a home of her own on my dime.
- She knows the Qur’an and Islam fundamentally 
- She is fluent in Arabic and is Hafiz
- Build her dream home
- Buy her dream car
- The big public marriage ceremony is complete.
- Turned her into my sub as her son collared daily
- Mastery of the Kama sutra and Kunyaza
- Implementation of the s/D relationship 
#### Assessment
**Experience**
Unsatisfied 

**Problem**
Have not proven my value and set proper structure to lead her while providing all of her Islamic rights.

**Pain**
Failing as a husband, a leader, a provider in every sense while giving her reason to see and experience me as a weak incompetent man that is adding to her stress instead of taking it away.

**Relief**
Providing her all of her rights as a muslimah, especially her financial rights including allowance with proper structure in place as a Muslim household and her leader.

**Reward**
Being the man, her [[Owa]], and ruling my kingdom as such because I have proven beyond capable while reducing and removing as much if not all the stress from her life outside of the kids.