---
cuid: "20250317181402"
date: 2025-03-17T18:49:31
title: 1446-1447 Reason Update
series: Plan A 1447
seriesNumber: 1
description: 
collection:
  - Plans
private: true
---
**Elements:**
- Good At: Creating Artwork
- Love Doing: Visual Storytelling
- World Needs: Better Men
- Paid For: Knowledge Sharing
### Purpose (Why You Exist)
Lead communities that empower men to reclaim their innate strength and honor through compelling visual storytelling and transformative knowledge sharing.

**Definition:** the reason for which something is done or created or for which something exists

**Template:** I (good at) that (world needs) through (love doing) and (paid for).
### Passion (What Fuels You & Drives Your Work)
Creating transformative art that reawakens the suppressed (warrior) spirit in men and calls them back to their true, unyielding nature.

**Definition:** strong and barely controllable emotion

**Template:** Good at + Love doing / Leading communities + Visual storytelling

Expressions of this?
- Exhibits that challenge previous historic stories and understandings from the "losers" perspectives, especially around colonialism and slavery in digital Baroque.
- Comic and animations that speaks to and showcases African and Caribbean culture and history beyond slavery.
- Critics in the form of illustrations about the nonsense and self-destruction of American-Africans.
- Historic portraits and bios of "black" people, the unknown and erased stories.
- Reviving African/Caribbean ways of visual arts and writing into the mainstream to speak for itself instead of borrowing from others.
- Some form of an NFT Afro-centric universe like Azuki
- YouTube channel speaking the truth
### Mission (What You Stand For & What You’re Fighting Against)
"Revealing the truth about men—their strength, struggles, and the timeless path to holistic masculinity—so they can reclaim the honor and roles they were born to embody."

**Definition:** an important assignment carried out for political, religious, or commercial purposes, typically involving travel

**Template:** Love doing + World needs / Visual storytelling + Better men

Expression of this?
- Hold workshops, talks, speeches 
- Tell the stories from your life as a man
- Interview men for the realities good and bad of who we are 
- Illustrate the inner world, the hidden feelings and pains and joys of men through exhibits and illustrations
- Speak on the real character of men as God intended (this will hurt 'em) as lectures
### Vocation (Who You Serve & How You Help)
Guiding men through trauma recovery to reclaim their power and sovereignty.
"Forging men into warriors by guiding them through deep healing and self-mastery, restoring the time-honored virtues of strength, honor, and sovereignty."

**Definition**: a strong feeling of suitability for a particular career or occupation

**Template:** World needs + Paid for / Better men + Knowledge sharing

Expression of this?
- YouTube channel dedicated to men's development
- Community that private and exclusive for men.
- Live as the example yourself for others to follow.
- Tell your story.
- Build a coaching practice
- Build an online community that you educate and train in masculinity
### Profession (What You Teach & Specialize In)
Teaching men how to develop and apply emotional intelligence for leadership.

**Definition:** a paid occupation, especially one that involves prolonged training and a formal qualification

**Template:** Paid for + Good at / Knowledge sharing + Leading communities

Expression of this?
- Run a private community
- Tour and do speaking engagements
- Run a YouTube channel
- Write a bunch of books
### Authority (Your Public Stance & Platform)
Facilitating transformative conversations that reaffirm timeless values, spark inner resolve, and cultivate disciplined, principled family leadership.
