1445 Q1: Shawwal > Dhu al-Qa’dah > Dhu al-Hijjah
- [[Chart – Sea to Cross|Sea to Cross]]
- [[Chart – Port of Call|Port of Call]]
## The Quarter
### What are the non-negotiable 6 results that you must achieve this quarter?
- The mindset and image I have of myself is completely rewired to that of positivity, capability, and self-worth with a completely new way of being as a man. I am in proper alignment to be and run my household as a husband and wife.
- Financial independence working for yourself in your own business as a thought leader and educator at a minimum of CHF 12k a month in profit with money coming into my account on a daily basis.
- Highly and consistently engaged Twitter, TikTok, Instagram, and YouTube channels that are sharing a consistent message and bringing in leads to your business and opportunities for collaboration.
- Prolific writer with a rock solid system of consuming and producing content for my newsletters and other platforms like [Substack](https://substack.com), [Typeshare](https://typeshare.co/explore) and [Medium](https://medium.com) that are gaining great and consistent engagement. 
- Fluent in German and illustration on the [Procreate](https://procreate.com) app to the point where I can effectively communicate thoughts, feelings, messages, and stories without problem. This is done with great speed as a trained speed typist, sketcher, listener, and reader with lots of work and evidence being produced along with Noah's posters.
- Create an organized environment internally and externally with a complete set of routines and systems that give you results. Living as an essentialist and minimalist with no more unnecessary distractions.
### Of the above 6 what are the top 3 results to produce?
- The mindset and image I have of myself is completely rewired to that of positivity, capability, and self-worth with a completely new way of being as a man. I am in proper alignment to be and run my household as a husband and father with great religious discipline.
- Financial independence working for yourself in your own business as a thought leader and educator at a minimum of CHF 12k a month in profit with money coming into my account on a daily basis.
- Fluent in German and illustration on the [Procreate](https://procreate.com) app to the point where I can effectively communicate thoughts, feelings, messages, and stories without problem. This is done with great speed as a trained speed typist, sketcher, listener, and reader with lots of work and evidence being produced along with Noah's posters.
### What is the number one result to produce this quarter?
Financial independence working for yourself in your own business as a thought leader and educator at a minimum of CHF 12k a month in profit with money coming into my account on a daily basis.
## The Month
Theme for this month is **Digital MRR Money**.

What's the 3 needed this month are the following: 
- An active source of income in coaching and/or ghostwriting netting 6k USD per week.
- 3 sources of passive income nettings 800 USD per week.
- A marriage date in place in Switzerland in the next 4 months and a marriage Visa in hand.
### Dhu al-Hijjah
#### Week 01
Way of Being: Courageous and positive.
Intention to Live: Courageous about my business.
Outcomes I Create (top 3):
- I have sent Souen the money for the marriage translation
- I have earned my first paid client of 4 calls of coaching
- I have a consistent engagement on my Twitter and TikTok content
Reminder: "Your life depends on you writing well and persuasively. It's time to become obsessive over this."
Projects:
- [ ] [[Project – Swiss Civil Marriage]]: Getting legally married to stay and live with my family.
- [ ] [[Project – The Creator Biz]]: A plan with basic systems for your business as a thought leader which will include, marketing, revenue sources, roadmap, SOPs, etc.
***
- [ ] **[[Project – Personal Newsletter]]:** Build out the systems and focus of your newsletter based on the transformation you want to give people.
- [ ] **[[Project – House of Cyrus]]:** The setup of your private community that potentially makes use of Patreon like Kevin Samuels.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Sage Outlaw]]:** Define your personal brand and develop the assets to make it unified across all social platforms with a strategy for each that expand from you.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Ghost Biz]]:** The building of your freelance writing business that only need 3/4 clients each month.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Coaching Biz]]:** The development of your coaching business to get clients and get paid.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Homebody Series]]:** The writing, marketing, and selling of your book series for. both men and women, that’s available for print purchase.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Thought Biz]]:** Make a plan for your business as a thought leader which will include, marketing, revenue sources, roadmap, SOPs, etc.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Tools Biz]]:** Setting up the tools and create your first few digital assets that you can sell, such as wallpaper packs, artwork, quote posters, etc. like Oliur.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Art Biz]]:** The selling of your art prints online for profit as a regular source of dependable weekly income.
- [ ] [[Project – The YouTube Biz]]: Get a YouTube channel monetized so you can start making money.
- [ ] **[[Project – The Twitter Biz]]**: Learned to make money with Twitter as a digital writer. 
- [ ] **[[Project – Project Video]]:** Tools setup with a clear set of systems in place for the production and launch of your lives and videos for TikTok and YouTube.
- [ ] **[[Project – Project Text]]:** Tools setup with a clear set of systems in place for the production and launch of your newsletters to synthesize knowledge.
- [ ] **[[Project – Project Audio]]:** Tools setup with a clear set of systems in place for the production and launch of your podcasts.
- [ ] [[Project – Trained Illustrator]]: Comfortable drawing and making illustrations on my iPad.
- [ ] [[Project – High German]]: I can hear and read and speak in German at a 12 year old level such that my phone now functions in German.
- [ ] [[Project – The Digital CleanUp]]: My systems are al in place and all of my files are organized, I know what and were everything is.