### **0300-ish Tahajjud & Fajr**

I wake early to the sight of nature, big windows and darkness and give gratitude immediately for another day. Pray Tahajjud, Istikara, & Witr with Fajr at the masjid and morning self-love & pages with check-in to clear my mind with Allah SWT. I praise Allah SWT for waking me up, and then kissing my beautiful two wives foreheads and checking on the kids on my way to my pre-workout protein foods that my wives preps for me the night before.

On my roof training my body in yoga, boxing, calistenics, and cardio with rope, I'm in deep sweat and hardcore working my stamina and core in complete focus. All while playing the Adhan and/or Surahs of the Qur'an, I stay in Takwa. One of my wives or both at times keeps me company most days cuddling under a blanket and watching or listening with eyes closed while I work. My wives craves being in my presence, it's an important comfort for them, and part of our time, before I get on fighting the world. They are both clingy like that, and I enjoy that they are like this, it's their way of feeling safe and on other days they’ll come down with me just to continue sleeping Wrapped up together where I am. Once my workout is complete I do a post-work out protein for the muscles and then I cold shower up, they likes to join in on the shower for some early morning sexual attention, sometimes both, sometimes in-turn, it’s up to them, but always daily.

### **0600-ish Post-Fajr**

The wives have a habit of showering with me even though it's tough for them on the wake-ups, they really enjoys washing me down, they feels it is a glorious honour to do so. More importantly for me I get to "eat" and give them a nice bit of sexual attention, just kissing teasing touching, not always all the way. We Ghusl and play and kiss (makeout) a bit while cream/lotioning each other and get some clothes on, they do the casual messy hair look, it's awesome, so hot! We make dua/prayer together before we leave our room, I also tasbeeth with both my wives hands. Once I am dressed, not fully suited, but casual-nice up because kids are messy. One wife is waking the kids and the other preparing food and I sometimes help with the kids wake up and on other days like weekends I’m in the kitchen. I review my schedule and since today is a gift day (1 randomly every 2-3 weeks) I leave two gifts the night before hidden somewhere around the house for my wives to find.

We eat breakfast together as a family. After the food I get ready for the day and finish suiting up while grabbing my bag and the supplies I may need for my work day and travels. I take the young kids to school solo 1-2 days a week, we recite Qur'an together and talk about what they are going to do at and post school. My wives loves this time so that they can do what needs to be done for themselves, beautifying and all that or just extra sleep on some days. Before the kids jump out of the car we give moms a call and they tells them love and all that good mommy stuff, once the kids leave they usually reminds me of some things for my day and flirt a bit on my drive. Then I do my daily check in with the boys for an hour or two to talk money. Where we making more how much more etc.

I arrive at my studio and spend my first 1 hours studying the Qur'an and filming my reflection of understandings. After this I spend time with my Arabic teacher just practising the language to keep myself fluent. After this I spend my time in training and study of my craft, reading, writing, drawing, and fighting. When my studies and training is done I move into production of content and then my artwork. When I am working on my art I put on my painting suit and get in the zone for a few hours. My wife knows when my knowledge and training work is typically over and she'll usually send me a few photos of herself, like the outfit of the day and some show her pre-outfit. She usually comes down to drop me off lunch get some kisses in and hangout for a bit to watch and or participate with some physical, she's my muse. While she's here she takes care of some of the business and admin with my assistant.

During the lunch time my wife and I will have some business meetings and close a few deals, move some money around quickly. At the end of those meetings we have our own lunch together at a casual restaurant with enough time just before Dhuhr.

### **1300-ish Dhuhr**

I head on over to the masjid for Salah Dhuhr or we pray together at home or at a nice hotel. Then I meet my wife back at my studio who has prepared herself for pleasuring me and for me to have my Sunnah nap. Life is beautiful! Afterwards I am back to the grind of creation, no meetings during this time, absolutely no interruptions at all.

The kids get home at some point after school and whatever activities after school. Depending on where I am we will face time for 25-40 minutes so I can hear about their day or they come to the studio and snack and hang with dad for the same amount of time before being off with mommy again while I get back to work. During this time the wife gets settled at home with the other moms to do homework, playdates, and all.

After the kids get home and I spend a little bit of time with them, I often take on a few clients for one on ones.

### **1730-ish Asr**

I head on over to the Masjid with my sons and my daughters stay home with my wife and the other ladies for Salah which is quite common as she hosts and leads these gatherings. Depending on where I am creatively I will lead prayers at home with the wife and kids or I will just pray in the studio and my wife brings the kids over. After this time I will have some meetings with people for business, group sessions, one v ones, and usually will begin to start shutting down the work for the day halfway to Magreb at max. On Mondays and Thursdays I am mostly separate from my wife and kids (potentially other people as well) on these days until the breaking of fast at Magreb.

When I am not working long days, at the end of Asr I do the homework and swim and play with the kids up or working with my wife on her projects until Meghrib

### **2045-ish Magrib**

Kids are in bed either before Salah or immediately after depending on the time of course. The wife and I spend time together talking, going over the Qur'an, doing things she would like to do, making content online for our fans and the YouTubes. We may have some friends over for a little bit, but for the majority (55-60%) she prefers it be our time and she appreciates that. We talk, lounge, Netflix and maybe even chill, it really is up to here.

### **2230-ish Isha**

On Mondays and Thursdays I do not pray Isha with Sunnah (making dua for others) at the Masjid those are the days to stay calibrated with my wife after fasting, otherwise I go to Masjid while she does her thing preparing for sleep and night time sexiness with Ghusul. When I return I Ghusl myself and prepare for more time with my wife. We read Qur'an (our recite 20 Ayat) and Dhikir before we lay in the bed and make love, cuddle, and chat. We Ghusl again before bed, she wraps herself on and around me, its how she sleeps, it's the good stuff ya know. When she on me to sleep I Dhikr/tasbeeth (33) with her hand and then if she still cant sleep I recite our favorite piece of Qur'an and then I continue after that until she sleeps or I sleep. She also sings me to sleep while rubbing my head, she is my peace and happy place at the end of the day and she takes great pride in that. Before I go to sleep I make dua for my wife.