---
cuid: "20250402073908"
date: 2025-04-02T07:39:08
title: Sea to Cross 1446-1447
status:
  - In Progress
description: 
collection:
  - Asks
tags: 
bookmark: false
---
The Splitting Open
84:2 Is this a reassurance of my finally listening to Allah SWT? 
84:1-25 An absolute command for you to do the work. This is what is right for you. And this will require much of me. Who I am inside will need come forth and the me I have been will need to sacrificed for it, huh?

Ornaments of Gold
43:48 A reminder of the amount of signs I have been given about doing the work and returning to the work that I had unknowingly been guided towards these past 3-4 years since I became Muslim. Damn, it’s time to listen.

The Most High
87:13 Not sure Allah SWT, please clarify.
87:11-17 And if you do not listen the bad place may be for you, but if you do listen the good place may be for you. This is your work, do not delay any further. For Akhirah.

Understanding? 
Again, Prophet Musa…lead the people. Get to moving this is all you have to do my brother. It is the commands and guidance of Allah SWT. 

Submit yourself! 

The titles: Open up, get the reward, and head to God.
***
### The Direction
*"O Allah! I seek goodness from Your Knowledge and with Your Power (and Might) I seek strength, and I ask from You Your Great Blessings, because You have the Power and I do not have the power. You Know everything and I do not know, and You have knowledge of the unseen. Oh Allah! If in Your Knowledge this action…*

**fill in that which you intend to do**

*...is better for my religion and faith, for my life and end death, for here in this world and the hereafter then make it destined for me and make it easy for me and then add blessings baraka' in it, for me. O Allah! In Your Knowledge if this action is bad for me, bad for my religion and faith, for my life and end death, for here in this world and the hereafter then turn it away from me and turn me away from it and whatever is better for me, ordain destine that for me and then make me satisfied with it."*
### The Response
**First Surah name**  
...

**Second Surah name**  
...

**Third Surah name**  
...
### The Understanding
...
##### Actions:
- [ ] ...
### The Reflection
> ...

...
