Instructions Chose one items to accomplish from each area, just on that will give you the most impact

## Istikarah
Give me reassurance and guidance on these results for the month, am I good? — [[1444-10 Guidance]]

Intention: Lay the soil for me to grow from.
State of Being: Focused
## Vision
- Income is secured with $5000 in the bank and more coming in every few days as an independent service provider and content creator.
- Secured a job in community management that is completely remote and pays $1000 a week.
- A clear foundation of digital materials in place that represent the best of me.
- My routine is locked in and seeing tangible results.
- The environment that I am in is organized well offline and online with clear systems and places for everything making full use of my iCloud Storage.
- A completed tutorial for drawing to build up my confidence as an artist.
- Networking systems are in place and very active daily.
## Key Measures
- [ ] My story has been published in writing as a minimum 40 minute read. — 0/1
- [ ] YouTube channel for men’s development and mental health with 100k subscribers. — 0/100000
- [ ] Podcast reading the Qur’an for the remaining of the year each day. — 0/1
- [ ] Complete your remaining blind read reaction videos of the Qur’an. – 0/1
- [ ] Design the artist child as an illustrated character, referencing [this video](https://youtu.be/TNPizN0Wxno). — 0/1
- [ ] Online portfolio of my works (3) and services on offer. — 0/6
	- Graphic design
	- Copywriting
	- Digital Artist
	- UGC
	- Host & Speaker
	- Digital products 
- [ ] Decided on a low cost city and have all the information required to be an expat. – 0/2
- [ ] Minimum monthly remote income of USD. – 0/4000
- [ ] Complete 8 copywriting courses. — 0/8
- [ ] Reprogrammed my mind towards abundance, wealth, and positive thinking about money. — 0/1
- [ ] Consume 20 hours of content on how to network. — 0/20
- [ ] Remove and lesson all digital influences in terms of amount of social accounts, followers, followings, and saves
- [ ] Pushups, squats, sit-ups, and planks performed everyday with an average of 90% success each week with increasing reps. — 0/100
- [ ] Purchase a ticket to fly out. – 0/1 
- [ ] Written out the all of the right and obligations of the husband, wife, and children — 0/3
- [ ] Draw mom’s floor plan and kitchen layout. — 0/2
- [ ] 100k followers on personal YouTube
## Habits
- [ ] 30 articles published on the blog (3/week) not including the newsletters. — 0/30
- [ ] Use your Istikarah results to create and publish content 3 times a week. — 0/30
- [ ] Read the Qur’an everyday for the podcast recording to have completed the read 3 days before Ramadan. – 0/1
- [ ] Draw the child you every single day for the rest of the year. — 0/73
- [ ] Vlog your journey in video becoming a Muslim Artist every single day. — 0/73
- [ ] Return to your daily creative sketches of a poem, abstract poster, expressive painting, and abstract drawing in conte. — 0/73
- [ ] Daily income goal is reached 90% of the time increasing regularly. — 0/100
- [ ] Recreate the art of another artist everyday. – 0/72
- [ ] Read and reviewed 8 books in each category above 400 reviews on Amazon that are 4 stars. — 0/72
	- Sales
	- Psychology
	- Negotiations
	- Money
	- Copywriting
	- Graphic Design
	- Painting & Color Theory
	- Concept Drawing & Sketching
	- Storytelling
- [ ] Reach a daily income goal of $900 per day. — 0/900
- [ ] Implemented the techniques and habits around wealth in the following books everyday. — 0/72
	- [[Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill]]
	- [[FU Money by Dan Lok]]
	- [[The Science of Getting Rich - Wallace D Wattles]]
	- [[The Richest Man in Babylon by]]
- [ ] Cold email 12 people each day for interviews. — 0/1056
- [ ] Comfortably paying for my mother and sisters necessities each month. — 0/1
- [ ] Produce 1000 word newsletters weekly per area of interest. — 0/80
	- Personal Newsletter (Endurance/Sovereignty): My personal journey to a life on my terms after abuse as a male survivor.
	- Indelible Men: The process and fight to becoming a righteous man.
	- Nonstop Muslim: Muslim issues and concerns as a revert.
	- Brainwave Bits: Becoming an artist in the age of AI 
	- Disciplined Creative: The power of image and words to gain attention and inspire action.
	- The Delivery: Untold knowledge about men for women.
	- VoyagerOS: Productivity hacks and tips to better organize your life
	- A Muslim Artist: Embracing creativity and a career as a minority artist
## Review
### What did I do this month?
### How can I improve this month?
### What am I grateful for this month?