---
id: "20240611131228"
status:
  - Waiting
dateCreated: "20240611131228"
dailyQ1Percent: 
dailyQFeelAccomplished: 
dailyQLiveYourIntention: 
dailyLessons: 
dailyStories: 
dailyWins: 
dailyFails: 
dailyRMindControl:
  - Terrible
  - Bad
  - Good
  - Excellent
dailyRPositivity:
  - Good
  - Bad
  - Terrible
  - Excellent
dailyRProductivity:
  - Terrible
  - Bad
  - Good
  - Excellent
dailyChallenges: 
dailyAsks: 
dailySigns: 
dailyRNutrition:
---
## Wake Up 
- [x] Thanked Allah SWT for waking you up? ✅ 2024-06-11
- [x] Did you thank Allah SWT for waking you up? ✅ 2024-06-11
- [ ] Recited your morning Quran?
- [x] Did you have a dream? ✅ 2024-06-11
**What time did you get out of bed?** 
I got out of bed at 0958
**What did you dream about?** 
Dream about living on a farm or cottage out in the mid west with a community of people. Then got left to fend for myself. I panicked. 
**How did your dream make you feel?**
It reminded me of how much of a loser I am and have been. That I am failing myself and my family as a man.
**How did your body feel waking up?**
- Woke up stomach hurts of hunger, I know I’m not eating 
- Mouth is dry feeling gross, need to get back to brushing at night
- Body over heated even though I’m sleeping naked with a fan 
- [ ] Your morning read of your Sea to Cross
- [ ] Your morning read of your Port of Call
- [x] Did you cold shower this morning (with wudu or ghusl)? ✅ 2024-06-11
- [x] Brush your teeth this morning? ✅ 2024-06-11
- [x] Salat Fajr? ✅ 2024-06-11
- [x] Salat Fajr dhikr made? ✅ 2024-06-11
- [x] Salat Fajr convo with Allah SWT? ✅ 2024-06-11
**Salat Fajr convo with Allah SWT, how did it go?**
Allah Convo/ about forgiving me for hating eh myself and starving my body such a major sin and that I need help to change this about me



# Power Up Questions

- `dailyQ1Percent`: Did you complete your 1% improvement?
- `dailyQFeelAccomplished`: Do you feel accomplished? 
- `dailyQLiveYourIntention`: Did you live your intention for the week today?

- `dailyAsks`: Guidance from Allah for your Istikarah!
- `dailySigns`: Signs for the guidance from Allah for your Istikarah.

`dailyRMindControl`: How well was your control over your mind today?



## Start of Day Questions

## End of Day Questions

- What project are you working on that you have no idea how to complete?
- What problem do you need to solve tomorrow?




.