---
id: "20231025060200"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-10-25T06:02:00
growthEnd: 2023-10-25T06:02:00
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-10-25T06:02:00
dateIslamic: 1445-04-10
publishDate: 2023-10-25T06:02:00
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
# Setup
**Intention** 
Decide on my life. Do it all today!

**Port of Call**
Undecided...
# Action
**Planned**
- [x] Follow up with TikTok message for a call with the brother SpokenTruth111 (Spokentruth) aka Demitri.
- [>] Login to your work's website
- [/] Answer: What is the one idea that will take up your life? Leave every other alone.
- [x] Write: How I want to die — [[The Death]]
- [>] Write: What I will leave after I die — The Legacy
- [x] Write: Who your ideal self is — [[The Self]]
- [>] Write: What is your ideal day of work
- [>] Contact: Kanu about the potential job offer in the UK
- [>] Contact: Nadeem to follow up on his wellbeing and working together
**Unplanned**

Notes 
- Things that make me happy: Chocolate milk, Watching animations
# Review

Tahajjud: 
- Give me back control of my time as it relates to work. To work for myself so that I can make my Salat correctly.
- For me to yield to that what I may not like is good for me and what I may like be bad for me a reminder that came from Sakinah ([[Baqarah 216]]).
- The grief within my heart to be removed so that I may become focused again.
- Make me a man of responsibility in all areas of my life, a [[Mujahideen]].
- Sinus infection and the constant running and stuffiness is removed permanently.

Istikarah:
Committing myself to the education (audio, video, image, counselling) of others as my path towards your Rizq.

Messages
Open — The Clot (it’s when the flow stops)
96:10 — Yes, Allah SWT I have been running and I am ashamed of it, but here I am trying, still trying.
96:1-19 — Taught by the pen is mentioned and to stop listening to anyone who gets in the way of your Salat, this may relate to today’s Tahajjud. 

First
(The Night) — Return to the making of your prayers in the Night!
92:2 — Make use of the day? To show up and pay attention? I’m not sure Allah SWT, guide me.
92:1-7 — Mention of light which is good, and being in need of Allah SWT brings us closer to ease. This was also mention in the previous.

Second
26:106 — You have lost the remeberance of Allah SWT and the fear of [[The Day]]. How long will you choose to be foolish and not begin to live?! This time Prophet Noah is referenced. Noah took people on a voyage and lead them to better, is this not what you seek to do?!
26:102-110 Maintain your Taqwa and lead the people, provide for them the guidance that they are seeking through you from Allah SWT. You ARE a messenger of Allah SWT, stop denying this and yield to the work. I cried a little with the realization, my heart is in shock! The standards of all that I do must fall under Islamic principles in particular your lives. Back to yesterday’s reminder from Sakinah, my war is in getting the message to the few.
[[Ash-Shu’ara’]] (The Poets) — The write and they touch the souls of others with their words.

Third
[[At-Tur]] (The Mount) — Get sturdy my brother, this work will draw many temptations towards you.
52:13 — I do not know, but I do know you will show me. This is clearly a reminder to get it in gear!
52:7-18 — Be mindful of what you do now because on The Day what you used to do will be brought up and weighed against you. Cyrus! Clear out the bad influences and stay away from haram, clean your slate and fight to keep it clean. The women! Make sure you are not tempted and that you stay away from those who tempt.

Close
[[Ash-Shura]] (Consultation) — Return yourself to the consultation and guidance of your brothers for the sake of the work.
42:44 — There is no going backwards my brother…when you find yourself falling astray return to Allah SWT and make it quick. You never know when death will come to you. 
42:38-48 — Keep in mind you cannot lead those who are astray, Allah SWT is the only one who guides. This is where you have found confusion in your work, speak to only those who are seeking to like by the way of Allah SWT, be them Muslim or not. Damn! Focus only on those who desire to listen. Seek consultation in your work, avoid vengeance and remain one of patience and peace. Reach out to brother Nadeem, TODAY!

Reflections




@1432
I'm a messenger…so what is your message? Good character and strong men for families. 
Okay, and how will you do this? Social media and art! 
What do you already have working for you? 
- Men looking for a leader a voice for them
- Women looking for a leader a voice for them

@1449
What do they want to hear from you? What has been asked for?
- Speak on the issues affecting the community: Gazza, Femnicide, DV of men, men’s issues, trauma, du’a and Islamic rights, raising of boys, realities of men, manhood, 

@1714
Okay…so getting your system together at work is key, along with the times for break. I’m getting anxious each time I’m here working and this is not good at all. 

I need to get out. I don’t like how I am spoken to here by the white operators at all! 

@1915
Ya Rabb I need out! 

@1923
What are you going to do for your out huh? What!? Do you know your options? Have you thought of the decisions that you can make available to you? What are they?

@2113
I will teach the people online how to character develop for marriage. This will be the beginning of my message. I will contact Nadeem and setup a meeting for us to catch up and share, to enroll him back into his investment in me and I in him. I only want to make money with Muslim men who value and have family.