---
id: "20231027122418"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-10-27T12:24:18
growthEnd: 2023-10-27T12:24:18
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-10-27T12:24:18
dateIslamic: 1445-04-12
publishDate: 2023-10-27T12:24:18
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
# Setup
**Intention** 
Decide on the direction of my life.

**Port of Call**

# Action
**Planned**
- [>] Login to your work's website
- [/] Write: What I will leave after I die — [[The Legacy]]
- [/] Write: What is your ideal day of work  — [[The Work]]
- [>] Contact: Kanu about the potential job offer in the UK
- [>] Contact: Nadeem to follow up on his wellbeing and working together
- [>] Write: What your standards and boundaries for life are — The Standards
- [>] Download all of Alex Ramozi free stuff from his book launch in your email

@1413
This weekend I would like to achieve the following…
- Produced my first 3 educational videos on YouTube
- Produced 3 new episodes for The Delivery

…see what just happened was that I wiped (deleted) what I was writing here. See the problem with digital? Too easy to just erase.

So what do you want to have accomplished this weekend? I want my newsletter back up and running, the podcast for women running, my personal art website rebuilt from the ground up, groceries done with my gift card, the room and bathroom cleaned up in full (wiping/vacuuming/laundry/window), my personal files and thoughts organized digitally so I know what is what, the fundamentals of persuasion writing in place and studied, my personal website updated, my personal brand clarified with a written content plan (not visuals), all of my comms cleared, budgeting in place, ummm…too feel that I have reset my life with a plan of action moving me forward to a life of digital nomad. 

Oh, in addition to having the draft outlines of my next 2 books written for the men and for the women. And! I have drawn and gotten back into my art training along with the Artist Way, the writing book [[Khal]] gave me, and my private community to have been setup. Ohh and my course is written out as well for [[Nadeem]] to check out. To be on routine and have job applications out there to give me a healthy routine for my sleep and salat. 

This a lot! Oh and for my prays and Qur’an to be setup per. Ohhh and to learn promo engineering for ChatGPT for content creation and Dalle-3, and final have my Notion template made and put for sale under VoyagerOS as the first tool in the collection. Thanks 

Ohh and to have read the way of the superior man to start teaching and synthesizing. 

SYNTHESIZING IS YOUR SUPER POWER, one of!

@1714
Use your synthesizing powers to service other mens work creators and coaches and leaders online who write long form content.

Also add to your weekend achievements…implement the YouTube plan using Khal’s information in your Goodnotes. There was something else but I do not remember it. Have your 3 week schedule based on your shift work. 

Outline all of the steps in your work day so that you have a clear understanding of your routine no matter where you start. And take some courses in copywriting from copy hackers website.