---
id: "20231026010339"
type: Daily
layout: 
status:
  - Archived
draft: false
feature: false
private: true
bookmark: false
headless: false
highlight: false
growthStage:
  - Evergreen
growthStart: 2023-10-26T01:03:39
growthEnd: 2023-10-26T01:03:39
growthUpdate: 
date: 2023-10-26T01:03:39
dateIslamic: 1445-04-11
publishDate: 2023-10-26T01:03:39
expiryDate: 
lastmod: 
url: 
slug: 
aliases: 
linkTitle: 
series:
  - 1445 Daily Review
title: 
subtitle: 
summary: 
description: 
collections:
  - Personal
categories:
  - Reviews
subjects:
  - Daily
topics: 
tags: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail: 
author:
  - Talha Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteCustom:
---
# Setup
**Intention** 
Decide on my life. Do it all today!

**Port of Call**
Undecided...
# Action
**Planned**
- [ ] Login to your work's website
- [x] Answer: What is the one idea that will take up your life? Leave every other alone. — [[The One]]
- [/] Write: What I will leave after I die — [[The Legacy]]
- [/] Write: What is your ideal day of work
- [ ] Contact: Kanu about the potential job offer in the UK
- [ ] Contact: Nadeem to follow up on his wellbeing and working together
**Unplanned**

@0110
The call with [[Dimitri]] he said you going to be alright but you need to give it to God, believe, don't be scared, take your time. Enjoy yourself, stop beating up ya self.
Be nice to yourself. Pamper yourself and eat. From New york, tucker recently lost brother, and distance from his boys.

@1441
The one idea is simple and given to you by Allah SWT, teach the people about the character of those who desire a healthy family. 

That’s it.

There’s nothing more to be added, it is self-explanatory. Write it again my guy.

The one idea, teach family focused people Islamic values.

In my conversation right now with [[Sakinah]] is her telling me that I am not giving my work online the credit it deserves. 

She is not wrong. 

Now she’s telling me it’s a also a form of ingratitude. Many other people would love to have the gift that I have. This reminds me of what brother [[Nadeem]] saying that my gift is the pen, using words! 

Sigh… I NEED to reach out to him today, no more excuses. 

Now she’s telling me when something comes easy or done too many times people become ungrateful for it. You have become ungrateful with your abilities and the ease in which you can do things. 

This is your problem. It is a big problem. 

And it is your answer.

Go back to your [[Authority Statement]] and internalize this into your single idea.

@1710
Consider having a war on single motherhood, it is paraded like some sort of feet of strength and accomplishment when in fact it’s the biggest detriment to society.

@1909
I need to put together The Standards, a document to define the rules of engagement in all scenarios of my life such as hosting lives, conversations with women are not my wife, the type of activities and men I will engage with, etc.

No more operating in fear.