---
id: "20241008151711"
layout: Sovereignty
private: false
published: true
status:
  - In Progress
date: 2024-10-08
dateExpired: 
datePublished: 2024-10-08
dateUpdated: 2024-10-09
series: 
seriesOrder: 
linkTitle: 
title: Sovereign Brand 1445
subtitle: 
summary: The personal brand that I have decided on to live and make a reality.
permalink: 
aliases: 
collection:
  - Reflections
category:
  - Personal
subject:
  - Annual Planning
topics:
  - Design
tags: 
author:
  - Dwayne Cyrus
authorNoteType: 
authorNoteText: 
cover: 
coverAltText: 
coverArtist: 
coverCaptionText: 
coverThumbnail:
---
## Phase 01
### Key Attributes
#### Questions
1. Cultural: How would the people around you, your community, describe you? (The culture you are from)
2. Customer: How would you describe your co-creator (ideal client)?
3. Voice: How do you sound to others? How do you want the world to perceive you (your tone, these impacts your design language.)?
4. Feeling: How do others feel after interacting with you? How do they feel when they walk away from meeting you?
5. Impact: What tangible impact do you have on others? (save time, makes money, what are the results, what do you give them)
6. X-Factor: How are you different from others? What makes you special?
#### Answers
**Cultural**
* Leadership
* Observer
* Creative
* Considerate
* Kind
* Inspiring
* Thoughtful
* Patient
* Intelligent
* Consistent
* Honourable
* Wel-spoken
* Positive
* Courageous
* Vulnerable
* Beautiful

**Customer**
* Self-aware
* Disciplined
* Focused
* Collaborative
* Vulnerable
* Trusting
* Honest
* Friendly
* Positive

**Voice**
* Arrogant
* Calm
* Knowledgeable
* Rebellious
* Confident
* Assertive

**Feeling**
* Engaged
* Energized
* Grateful
* Eager
* Safe
* Capable
* Excited
* Confident
* Reassured
* Empowered
* Devastated

**Impact**
* Restored and new perspective on their relationships
* A community to belong to and feel safety in
* Access to new information about men and self
* Brotherhood and support, not being alone
* Inspired to take action for their own development

**X-Factor**
* Being male survivor
* Lives in experiences of various traumas and failures
* New Muslim who black and of great character
* Facilitating a safe and diverse community
* The vulnerability that I display and give access to
* Outspoken man of balance on social issues
* My ability to deliver harsh realities in digestible ways
#### Attributes Defined
**Culture**
Primary: Creative Secondary: Intelligent, Inspiring

**Customer**
Primary: Self-aware Secondary: Collaborative, Honest

**Voice**
Primary: Rebellious Secondary: Confident, Knowledgeable

**Feeling**
Primary: Empowered Secondary: Devastated, Safe

**Impact**
Primary: Restored Secondary: Inspired, Community

**X-Factor**
Being an outspoken male survivor of sexual abuse.
### Brand Statement
#### Exploration
**Example:** Tea Haus provides custom teas to health conscious customers in a sophisticated environment with a wise voice. Helping them feel mindful and be re-energized.

**Template:** (Your Name) provides (Service or Product — this is from your [[SOS 1445-1446 Legacy#The Statement|Legacy Work]]) to (Customer) clients in a (Cultural) environment with a (Voice) voice. Helping them feel (Feeling) and be (Impact).
#### Drafts
- My experience and development from trauma and healing of sexual abuse as a neurodivergent POC Muslim man paired with my ability to communicate on a high EQ.
- _Talha_ provides *educational content on holistic masculinity* to *self-aware* customers in a *creative* environment with a_ *rebellious* voice. Helping them feel *empowered* and be *in brotherhood*.

**Refined**
- I provide _educational content on holistic masculinity_ to self-aware _men in a_ creative _environment with a_ rebellious _voice. Helping them feel_ empowered _and be_ safe in brotherhood.
- I provide educational content on holistic masculinity to self-aware men in a creative environment with a rebellious voice. Helping them feel empowered and be restored.
#### Final
**Dwayne Michael Cyrus** provides **online educational content** to **self-aware** clients in a **creative** environment with a **rebellious** voice. Helping them feel **empowered** and be **restored**.
## Phase 02
### Your Given Names
**Dwayne**
Gaelic — Dubhan: Dark one / Little dark one / black

**Michael**
Hebrew — Mikha'el: Who is like God / Gift from God

**Talha** 
Arabic: Fruitful tree from heaven

**Abd** 
Arabic: Slave of

**Al-Khaliq** 
Arabic: Creator/Maker

**Ibn:**
Arabic: Son of

**Cyrus**
Persian — Kourosh: Sun / Like the Sun / Lord of the Sun
### Character Archetype
#### Exploration
* Creative (1)
* Outlaw (2)
* Hero (3)
* Sage (4)
* Explorer (4)
* Magician

**Refinement 1**
List the top four and be mindful of the circular chart.
* Creator
* Ruler
* Outlaw
* Magician

**Refinement 2**
* Sage
* Outlaw
* Creative
### The Archetypes
Combinations Template: Core 70% - Influencer 30%
* Outlaw - Creative
* Creative - Outlaw
* Sage - Outlaw/Creative
#### The Sage (Core)
Overview
* Desire: Understanding
* Quote: “The truth will set you free.”
* Brand Voice: Knowledgeable, Assured, Guiding
* Brand Message: Education Is The Path To Wisdom And Wisdom Is Where The Answers Lie.
* Example Brands: Google, BBC, University of Oxford

**Personality**
The Sage is a seeker of truth, knowledge and wisdom. Their drive comes from the desire to not only understand the world, but to then share that understanding with others. They are life-long learners and enjoy expressing their knowledge with philosophical conversations. They are more likely to pass on their wisdom to someone who can use it to change the world, rather than change the world with it themselves.

**Qualities**
* Drive: Wisdom, Intelligence, Expertise, Information, Influence
* Fear: Ignorance, Insanity, Powerlessness, Misinformation, Inaccuracy
* Strategy: Show the path to wisdom / Celebrate life-long learning
* Example Individual: Yoda, "Star Wars"
* Example Color Palette: a28761 / 86725d / f4fled / bbbda0 / 2d4900
* Example Brand Slogan: “Dont Be Evil” - Google

**Strategy**
To appeal to a sage you need to pay homage to their intelligence as you communicate. Higher level vocabulary with layered or philosophical meaning will be acknowledged and appreciated while over simplified or dumbed down messages will not. They expect factual and well-researched information, which should be watertight to avoid challenges.
#### The Outlaw (Influencer)
Overview
* Desire: Revolution
* Quote: “Rules are meant to be broken”
* Brand Voice: Disruptive, Rebellious, Combative
* Brand Message: You don’t have to settle for status quo. First, demand more, second, go out and get it.
* Example Brands: Virgin, Harley Davidson, Diesel

**Personality**
The Outlaw has a desire for revolution partly to change the world for the better and partly for the anarchy involved. They have a disdain for rules, regulation and conformity that would remove any form of their freedom of choice (or anyone else’s). They are good at the core but anger is part of their motivation, which can become the dominant force. Without a fight, they are lost.

**Qualities**
* Drive: Liberty, Change, Righteousness, Revenge, Independence
* Fear: Servitude, Conformity, Complacency, Acceptance, Dependence
* Strategy: Denounce status quo / Disrupt and shock
* Example Individual: James Dean, “Rebel without a cause”
* Example Color Palette: b15e39 / faf6eb / 55250d / a56f40 / efd494
* Example Brand Slogan: “All for Freedom, Freedom for All” - Harley Davidson

**Strategy**
To appeal to an outlaw you need to prove to them first that you see the world as they do. Status Quo and Conformity are the common enemy and showing disdain for either will go a long way to resonating. Encouraging, facilitating or empowering revolution on the other hand, will make you an instant family (or gang) member. Formal communication should be avoided and your language and tone should be laced with grit and attitude.
#### Creator (Support)
Overview
* Desire: Innovation
* Quote: “If it can be imagined it can be created”
* Brand Voice: Inspirational, Daring, Provocative
* Brand Message: See Potential Everywhere and Uncover Originality With Liberated Imagination.
* Example Brands: Lego, Apple, Adobe

**Personality**
The Creator has a desire to create something new and exceptional, that wasn’t previously there, and has enduring value. They need to express themselves with their individual talent and strive to bring their vision to life through that expression. Creators believe that if you imagine it, it can be created but are often stifled by their own desire for perfection.

**Qualities**
* Drive: Creation, Originality, Self-expression, vision, Imagination
* Fear: Stagnation, duplication, Familiarity, Disillusion, Indifference
* Strategy: Inspire to unlock imagination / Encourage the pursuit of originality
* Example Individual: Emmet Brown (Doc), “Back to the future”
* Example Color Palette: b6019a / ffffff / e10209 / 1b1715 / f9ed06
* Example Brand Slogan: “Think Different” - Apple

**Strategy**
To appeal to a creator you must celebrate the creative process while inspiring self-expression. Brands that provide the means or tools to express themselves creatively with freedom of choices would be well positioned with the Creator Archetype. Their communication should stir the desire for the creative process and inspire their customers to express their nature to the best of their ability. Creator brands leverage their audiences’ imagination and their desire to create and innovate.
## Phase 03
### Masculine Archetype
I am the Wizard or the King, I believe...more research needs to done.
### Image Archetype
I believe I am Refined or Rake.
### Seduction Archetype
## Phase 04
### Written Description
### Stats Sheet
### Design Sheet